#live

Date: 16.02.264 (D46)

#day1
- [[Khirhan]] arrives at [[Valgrum]]
- Guards ask him what his business is and he answers he is headed for the Earth District.
- [[Khirhan]] arrives at [[The Red Lotus]]
- [[Vince]] meets and greets him and a girl serves him ale with viagra...
- After a short chat, [[Khirhan]] explains that he would like [[Vince]] to help him find [[Esma]]
- [[Khirhan]] gets a girl and they go in a room
- [[Finn]] enters [[The Red Lotus]], orders a beer (also with viagra) and a girl and goes into a room
- After a while, [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] come down and  [[Finn]] talks to [[Vince]] when [[Khirhan]] approaches.
- [[Finn]] asks for potion #residual and [[Khirhan]] makes a deal with him to give him the #residual if he agrees to help him.
- [[Vince]] is flabergasted that [[Finn]] is drinking the very strong chemical without any reprecusions and gives [[Mika]] a beer with 2 drops of it. [[Mika]]'s stomach grumbles and she runs to the toilet. She does not come to work the following day.
- After a short chat, the three head out to search for info.
- They experience the [[Crystal Tears]] rain and hear a kid comment on "her cries". [[Finn]] used [Detect Thoughts](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/detect-thoughts) on her mother and felt the fear towards the rain and her daughter. 
- They arrive at [[Georgie]]'s and have a talk.
- They pull a prank on a random male person on the street by telepathically talking to him and then hitting a drum near him. He rushes to the nearest church.
- [[Finn]] buys 50g of drugs from a random dude in a shady street.
- They arrive at [[Alain von Magnus]]'s. He gives them a bit more info and 6 weeks worth of residual for [[Finn]]. Tells them that [[Esma]] can be either dead or kept alive because she is a healer.
- After an elaborate performance, [[Vince]] succeeds in charming a priest and finds out that she might be kept in [[Places/Aetheria/Valgrum Continent/Fadon/Fadon]], where slaves are working on building something. This place is across a desert which is dangerous and cannot be crossed on foot.
- They decide to meet up in the morning and set off on a journey.
- [[Khirhan]] chops wood in the back of [[Finn]]'s house.
- [[Khirhan]] sleeps in [[Finn]]'s house. They get high on drugs with a big pipe.
- [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] on the way to his house, notice the 4 moons and [[The Red Comet]]. This subconsciously awakens [[Finn]]'s awareness of the dragon element.
- In the morning, they meet in [[The Red Lotus]] and set off.
- Guards are disinterested in them and let them out without any questions.
- They go into the woods and to the [[Psionus Shrine]].
- [[Finn]] enters the shrine and finds a [[Psionus Medallion|pendant]] on the altar with the [[Psionus]] symbol, still not knowing anything specific about the symbol or temple.
- They get back on the road and continue walking eastwards towards [[Places/Aetheria/Valgrum Continent/Orkham/Orkham]]
- On the way they hear a pack of [[Owlbear]]s and do not interact with them.
- While resting, [[Finn]] hears and finds a [[Kayan]].
- He manages to tame it with meat and ride it for the night. Ties it to a tree.
- While [[Khirhan]] is on watch, he plays the bone flute to the tune of the owls, which calms the [[Kayan]] and even though it manages to get free of the rope on the tree, it stays close to sleep, feeling safe.
- [[Vince]] is scared of the [[Kayan]] and spends the night being wary of it.
- In the morning, they wake up and eat, [[Finn]] acrobatically hops on the [[Kayan]] and they continue the road to [[Places/Aetheria/Valgrum Continent/Orkham/Orkham]].