#### Day 042
- [[Ashk]] joins the [[Party 2]] in the [[Anburora Maton#White Area]] inn.
	- He asks [[Finn]] if he talks for [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]
	- He proposes that they visit [[Khirhan]] and have a talk
- They teleport to location 4 #shard and [[Ashk]] casts #invulnerability on himself and destroys the #shard.
- He explains the trouble the world is in and the three issues
	- [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] arriving
	- [[Psionus|The Dreamer]] pushing
	- [[Sanctus|The Holy]] sleeping
- He also explains the relations between the #eidolon s and the importance of the mother.
- He also mentions that champions keep each other in check.
- The [[Party 2]] has some time to discuss things on their own until [[Khirhan]] arrives.
- In the meantime [[Magala]] arrives and waits for [[Khirhan]] as well.
- They regroup and eventually [[Khirhan]] lands.
- [[Ashk]], having cast #invulnerability on himself and readied #forcecage, casts it as soon as [[Khirhan]] starts charging at them.
- Trapped in the #forcecage, [[Ashk]] eventually manages to get [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] on the line and asks him waht his true intentions are.
- After being ridiculed by both [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] and [[Magala]], he understands the situation.
- [[Finn]] confirms that [[Psionus|The Dreamer]] has no intention of letting in.
- [[Conor]] convinces [[Ashk]] to seal [[Khirhan]] to at least temporarily prevent the destruction he is causing.
- They go back to [[Anburora Maton]].
- [[Ashk]] wishes them well and offers his full assistance to [[Colm]] as his burdain is huge.
- The [[Party 2]] go into one of their rooms and have a talk, but don't manage to come to any middle ground or mutual understanding.
- [[Colm]] suggests that they pursue [[Conor]]'s quest first, as they do not have many leads and have a lot on their plates to think about.

#### Day 043
- [[Conor]], in the morning finds a small box with a letter on it.
	- The [[Arcanists]] are not pleased with his actions and snooping around.
	- Inside the box is a small finger.