#### Day 053
#day53 
- [[Party 2]] and [[Bal Chuvorsk]] go towards the tavern.
- [[Bal Chuvorsk]] calms the townsfolk and asks [[Mileena]] if she has any rooms.
- Since they don't, they move towards the house of [[Conor]].
- Once there, [[Bal Chuvorsk]] and [[Kibo]] take conor upstairs, remove his armor and lay him comfortably in the main bedroom bed.
- In the meantime, [[Colm]] casts #auraOfVitality and heals [[Norren]] and himself.
- [[Bal Chuvorsk]] comes back down, while [[Kibo]] stays to watch over [[Conor]].
- [[Bal Chuvorsk]] talks to [[Colm]] and [[Norren]] and shares some details of [[Conor]]'s past, trying not to say too much.
	- Humans as tools of the #eidolon s.
	- 4 people went after [[Ella]], 2 came back. He does not disclose the identity of the fourth member.
	- [[Anny]]'s death.
	- Traces of [[Ella]]'s origin.
	- Hints of [[Anie]] not going against her will.
	- 20 people went after [[Ella]] the second time. 3 got back.
	- Hints that [[Conor]] will have some trouble the following weeks.
	- Threats of them not leaving if he judges so...
- [[Colm]] wants to cast #greaterRestoration to see if [[Bal Chuvorsk]] is affected by something similar.
- The conversation deescalates and [[Colm]] and [[Norren]] go to [[Conor]].
- They cross paths with [[Kibo]] and [[Colm]] casts #cureWounds on him, saying they were caught in the crossfire.
- [[Norren]] keeps watch and listens in on the conversation between [[Bal Chuvorsk]] and [[Kibo]]. [[Bal Chuvorsk]] expresses his reluctance in killing them and fighting [[Conor]], after he hears what has happened to him.
- [[Aeon]] appears in the desolated forest area where they fought. He approaches carefully and eventually finds the [[Party 2]] and introduces himself, displaying some of his faithful properties.
- He almost gets noticed by [[Kibo]], but casts #invisibility .
- [[Party 3]] forms.
- He sleeps on the roof, together with [[Norren]]'s familiar.

#### Day 054
#day54 
- [[Conor]] wakes, having occasional twitches on his mouth.
- He has a talk with [[Colm]] and mentions some things that [[Bal Chuvorsk]] already did.
- He also makes some tea for everyone.
- In the morning, [[Colm]] decides not to cast #greaterRestoration on [[Bal Chuvorsk]] and he decides to let them go, before leaving with [[Kibo]].
- After a short talk and introductions, the [[Party 3]] heads towards the [[Crossroads (Place)]].
- The day passes with them walking through the forest.
- [[Norren]] is first to keep watch and [[Colm]] is second.
- [[Colm]], being aware of [[Sanctus|The Holy]] energy around him, notices a huge source of the same energy, seemingly coming from an [[Eidolon-touched animals]].
- The session ends.