#### Day 055
#day55 
- The [[Party 3]] rests and continues their journey.
- Second day between [[Lindow]] and [[Crossroads (Place)]].
- [[Ki-rin]] is near them, but it doesn't come into play - nobody seeks it out.
- [[Colm]] sends a message to [[Qia Huay]] and she replies that she is headed to [[Aramore]], transporting the wolf ([[Stygian Zinogre]]) with some other [[Arcanists]] members.
- He also sends a message to [[Sim Denarsk]], who also says they are headed towards [[Aramore]] and ends the message with an "Uhhh...".
- [[Colm]] almost finishes his [[Amulet of the Devout]].

#### Day 056
#day56 
- [[Khirhan]] scores a critical hit.
- No event.
- They push through the evening to arrive at [[Crossroads (Place)]].
- They arrive and [[Colm]] notices [[Alatriyon]] and [[The Warforged Monk]].
- He is sitting and sharpening his shortsword, whereas she is pummeling a training dummy.
- They approach [[Alatriyon]] and [[Norren]] takes the lead. 
	- He explains that a lot of different people gather here.
	- [[Norren]] asks what kind of person he is.
	- He answers that he is of the seeking kind, and that he may have found what he was seeking.
	- [[Aeon]] asks him about his origin to which he answers, a bit of human, a bit of orc and a bit of unknown.
	- He asks [[Aeon]] about himself and they find out they have a lot in common.
	- [[Colm]] introduces himself and so does [[Alatriyon]]. He notices a faint bit of #eidolon energy, but there is no #championRepulsion.
	- He tells [[Norren]] that he would want to speak to them in the morning.
	- He also tells them that the tents are free for all.
- [[Aeon]] visits [[The Warforged Monk]] and tries to talk to her, but she is very focused at what she is doing (destroying dummies) and is not that friendly towards him, so she doesn't introduce herself.
	- [[Aeon]] shoots an arrow and hits a veery distant target easily.
	- She stops for a second, acknowledges him and breaks the head of the dummy with a 360 kick.
	- [[Aeon]] tries to pick up something from her, but doesn't manage to do so.
	- However, her technique reminds him of writing. Each sequence ending with a full stop and having meaning.
	- He tries to pass near her and almost gets hit by her front flip leg strike.
	- He doesn't feel any energy from her.
- [[Norren]] orders his #findFamiliar to watch over [[Alatriyon]].
- [[Norren]], keeping watch, casts #invisibility and goes over to the tent where [[Alatriyon]] is.
	- He checks out what he is reading and since it's hard to see at that light, he comes closer.
	- [[Alatriyon]] comments on him snooping around.
	- [[Norren]] notices that the book is called [[Glacies|The Mist]] and has a symbol on it.
	- He doesn't push further, but as he leaves [[Alatriyon]] says "Thank you!"
	- [[Norren]], invoking his inner child, orders his #findFamiliar to make noise in front of [[Alatriyon]]'s tent.
	- He turns around to see his chest moving as if he's breathing shallow and quick (he is laughing).
	- A person comes out of the tent and shoo's the bird away.
- [[Colm]] finishes his [[Amulet of the Devout]].
- [[Aeon]] goes to [[The Warforged Monk]] again and attempts to once again strike a conversation.
	- She is still distant, but he sits and watches her.
	- He previously asked what she was trying to accomplish.
	- After she blows away the training dummy with a two palm strike, she stretches, walks beside him and tells him that this is what she was trying to do.
	- She enters a tent and goes into stasis.

#### Day 57
#day57 
- The camp starts to wake and people start moving around.
- The [[Party 3]] prepares to make their way towards [[Aramore]].
- [[Norren]] remembers that [[Alatriyon]] wanted to talk to them, so they head towards him first.
	- He is preparing breakfast.
	- He asks them where they are going.
		- They say that they are going towards the [[Crossroads (Place)]].
		- He laughs and tells them that this is that place and that he told the others to put up a sign, but nobody wanted to.
	- He asks them if he can join them towards their next destination.
	- There are a lot of insight checks.
	- He would go anywhere, but he wants company.
	- He has lived a long life, so he can share some information with them once they keep him company.
	- He says that he knows they won't betray him due to [[Colm]]. He means his connection with [[Sanctus|The Holy]].
	- [[Aeon]] shoots an #eldritchBlast towards him to test if he can take care of himself.
		- He reduces the power a bit (27 -> 17 to hit)
	- [[Alatriyon]] blocks it with his hand (reduced AC of 18).
	- He laughs and tells [[Aeon]] that he likes the initiative. It is after all, a part of [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]'s domain.
	- He also tells them that he wants to take a look at a particular stone that fell some time ago.
- Convinced, they move towards the actual crossroad.
- [[Norren]] makes a makeshift sign using the wood used for the dummies, using his dagger and some charcoal and puts it up from the side they came.
- They see the signs leading to the 5 different places: [[Lindow]], [[Wok]], [[Aramore]], [[Xuburg]] and [[Terminus]].
- They head towards [[Aramore]].
- Somewhere mid-day, [[Colm]] notices, seemingly [[The Firekeepers]] walking towards them, some distance away.