
#### Day 014
#day14 
- The [[Chuul]]s attack the party. [[Finn]] is the one who is hurt the most from the party, but they manage to take the 2 of them out.
- They soon see [[Om Saurbough]] and two young ones standing near the forest. He waves and [[Khirhan]] waves back. [[Om Saurbough]] starts approaching slowly. He asks if he can examine the corpses of the [[Chuul]]s. The [[Party]] allows it and [[Om Saurbough]] inspects the corpses, noticing that most of the damage is done by a slashing weapon, being [[Khirhan]]'s axe. He asks if they can take the [[Chuul]] corpses and repay them in the village. The party agrees.
- [[Om Saurbough]] puts one of the [[Chuul]] corpses on his back and [[Khirhan]] does the same, with some difficulties and a raptured back (after some encouragement - inspiration). [[Finn]] speaks in [[Om Saurbough]]'s mind and he notices that this is natural for him, which comes as a surprise.
- All of them walk through the forest, towards [[Aburr]]. [[Finn]] and [[Om Saurbough]] have a conversation about the village. [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] try to pay attention to where they are going, but don't manage to keep track of the path, [[Vince]] not being proficient and [[Khirhan]] being hurt and carrying a monster corpse.
- The young ones curiously talk to [[Vince]] about his drum and how he uses it in combat. They mention a heavy combat drum used by one of the villagers which peaks [[Vince]]'s interest.
- They eventually arrive at [[Aburr]] and walk through the houses. [[Finn]] is disturbed from time to time and eventually notices that some people have black parts on their body, similar in texture to the main tower where [[Ephezok]] resides.
- They leave the [[Chuul]] corpses and [[Khirhan]] and [[Om Saurbough]] do a manly handshake. The girl who works at the "restaurant", who sees this, is flabergasted.
- They go to the tower and enter it. On the way to [[Ephezok]] they cross paths with [[Crozodrea Holihe]] who comments that they are new faces, but doesn't pay them much attention. [[Vince]] on the other hand, pays close attention to her butt...
- They climb the stairs on the main tower and arrive in [[Ephezok]]'s office. [[Khirhan]] gets a save point for guessing [[Ephezok]]'s race, given his characteristics. A conversation is held in their minds about many things. The Eidolons, [[Ephezok]], their reward, what they are doing, [[Eidolon-touched animals]] and a given monkey that has been sighted with such powers.
- Upon inquiring more about the origin of [[Finn]]'s power, [[Ephezok]] suggests that it was probably an illusion and that [[Finn]] might not know the reality of it. He mentions that it is an option for him to examine [[Finn]]'s thoughts for them to see the truth behind that.
- The party exits the tower. [[Vince]] draws a very nice picture of [[Khirhan]] and [[Om Saurbough]]'s handshake with the girl who saw it in the foreground and gives it to [[Khirhan]], telling him to give it to her and say "This is from you". [[Khirhan]] takes that literally and repeats the same words. The girl, named [[Roa Bosk]] blushes and gives him a double portion of the [[Chuul]] meet that they have prepared.
- Session ends as the [[Party]] sits on the open table and benches / trunks to eat their sunset meal.