#### Day 057
#day57 
- The [[Party 3]] starts their journey towards [[Aramore]].
- [[Alatriyon]] talks with them and asks them for their stories.
- They share a bit of this and a bit of that.
- He shares a bit about his past too, spending his young years in [[Valgrum]], participating in the [[Rise and Fall of Eternis, the Eternal War]].
- Some talks arise about the war and his perspective, who fought on both sides, first on [[Eternis]]'s and then on the opposing one, getting to [[Fadon]] and escaping to [[Arax Continent]].
- Eventually, they see in the distance a few individuals that resemble [[The Firekeepers]].
- The individuals go into the nearby forest.
- They follow, [[Aeon]] and [[Norren]] in the forest, the rest from the road.
- [[Norren]]'s familiar catches a glimpse of them. They look hurt.
- [[Colm]] readies a #guidingBolt.
- A battle begins and is intense. 
	- [[Colm]] cures the hulk with a #greaterRestoration. He turns back into a human, but is mentally damaged.
	- The mangler falls next to [[Aeon]].
	- [[Colm]] casts #banishment on the seer and succeeds.
	- [[Aeon]] attempts to break [[Colm]]'s concentration with an arrow shot.
	- Everyone readies their attacks as [[Colm]] releases the spell.
	- [[Aeon]] targets them with a #shatter spell on the seer and all of the people surrounding it - [[Colm]], [[Conor]], [[Alatriyon]].
	- [[Aeon]] is the one that finishes the seer, wanting to not leave any loose ends behind.
- The [[Party 3]] except for [[Aeon]] decide to carry the restored human to [[Aramore]]. [[Alatriyon]] carries him.