#### Day 044
#day44 
- [[Wisira Catacombs 6]]
	- Kitchen
		- The [[Party 2]] faces the #beholderZombie.
		- [[Finn]] pins it with a net ([[1 Pin Creature]])
		- [[Conor]] pins and blinds it by pushing a table against it.
		- A disintegrate ray shoots towards [[Finn]] but misses.
		- [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] go ham on the creature and wreck it.
		- [[Finn]] takes the green trinagular gem from the goo that was once the creature, second one for the big door.
	- Barracks
		- They move into the burning room and [[Finn]] uses #rayOfFrost to extinguish the flames.
	- Smithy
		- [[Finn]] extinguishes the embers in the forge.
		- [[Conor]] notices that there is no equipment or weapons in the room.
		- [[Finn]] takes and breaks the embers inhaling some of the necrotic dust.
		- Inside the embers there is the last blue rectangular gem.
		- Before leaving, [[Finn]] notices the masked "vent" opening on the ceiling.
			- [[Conor]] pokes it and unhinges it and breathes in from the necrotic dust.
			- They try boosting [[Finn]] with the table from the butcher's room, but he decides it's not a good idea.
			- [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] try boosting each other, but it doesn't work out.
	- Tablet Room
		- They don't notice the #nosferatu and it spits blood at [[Conor]] and [[Colm]], it then climbs a wall.
		- [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] engage it while [[Finn]] goes for the tablet.
		- It spits blood again towards the two. [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] are now affected by the blood curse, not being able to heal.
		- [[Colm]] casts #banishment on the #nosferatu and they quickly get out, as [[Colm]] activates the black teleportation stone and they teleport as the #nosferatu rushes them.
- They appear in [[Xamuth Zorill]]'s office.
- They decide not to teleport now and [[Xamuth Zorill]] is too excited for the new toys that she tells them she will let them know when she is available.
- They spend two days in [[Anburora Maton]] before being teleported, the second day at 9am.
- [[Ashk]], on[[Colm]]'s request receives a dummy quest with a teleportation stone.
- [[Aeris|The Mother]] assails [[Conor]] with visions of [[Anie]] suffering as he is taking it slow and not accepting the offer. His connection is weakened and for some reason he is not phased.
- She asks them if they are going where the person whose finger they hold and they confirm.
- They find themselves in a wooden poor tavern, seeing an older lady behind the counter.
- They start intimidating her to show them their fingers, going as far as casting #calmEmotions on her, [[Finn]] threatening her. She screams for her daughter [[Mileena]] before they cast the spell.
- She calmly explains to her that they are up to no good.
- [[Colm]] calms the situation down by deceiving [[Mileena]] that everything is fine.
- [[Finn]] gives them 1gp to show them their hands and they notice that [[Mileena]] is missing her pinky.