#### Day 033
#day33
- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] go to [[Uthio Rissu]] and they have a talk about the #eidolon s and their domains.
- [[Finn]] goes to a barber and gets a cut and shave, then to a magic shop and meets [[Yllana Sagebreeze]].
- [[Vince]] turns over the [[Necron|The Reaper]] book to [[Uthio Rissu]] who says he will forward it to someone in the [[Anburora Maton#Black Area]].
- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] sit on a bench and [[Vince]] draws his arms so that he can pay attention to any changes.
- [[Finn]] talk to [[Uthio Rissu]] about the history of [[Valgrum]] (history-of-valgrum.docx).
- [[Finn]] asks the card about jobs / quests. They meet up and decide to hunt some [[Carrion Stalker]].

#### Day 034
#day34
- [[Fi'el Eladrin]] calls [[Vince]] to check on him and the progress of his story.
- The [[Party]] initiates the [[Carrion Stalker]] quest and are teleported to a dark cave.
- They are supposed to kill 3 of the creatures.
- The battle ends relatively quickly with [[Finn]] taking the most damage.
- [[Khirhan]] rips 6 tentacles out of one and all + more from another one.
- Loud sounds and not deciding to retreat summons more creatures. [[Finn]] prolongs leaving even more and this results in a very bad ending for the [[Party]].
- [[Vince]] is taken down and finished by the creatures.
- [[Finn]] is unconscious.
- [[Khirhan]], overtaken by despair, asks for a deal with [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] in exchange for him doing his bidding. He goes on a killing spree and is overtaken by the dragon element.
- [[Finn]] wakes up and witnesses [[Khirhan]], or something alike. Black smoke steaming from him, clouding every single feature except the red glowing eyes and the red greataxe.
- [[Khirhan]], with the last bit of sanity left inside him manages to supress the dragon element and decides not to kill the only living thing left in the cavern - [[Finn]].
- [[Finn]] sits on the dead body of [[Vince]] and activates the stone.
- [[Khirhan]] is not willing to return with them, so only [[Finn]] and what was once [[Vince]], return to [[Anburora Maton]].