#### Day 048
#day48 
- The [[Party 2]] rents a pocket dimension training area for 5gp for 1 hour and they discuss tactics.

#### Day 049
#day49 
- [[Norren]] buys a crossbow +1 with 20 bolts, 3 stun and 3 slow bolts (DC 14 CON, WIS).
- [[Finn]] buys 2000 gp worth of amethyst, 1k from the green and 1k from the silver district.
- [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] have a talk later when it gets dark and [[Colm]] casts #removeCurse on [[Conor]] but to no effect.
- [[Colm]] later meditates and realizes that there was no effect due to the spell affecting [[Conor]] requiring a more powerful means of cleansing.
- Later during the night, [[Norren]] receives a message from [[Qia Huay]]
	- A higher up has arrived
	- She has been promoted
	- They have given her a big house in [[Aramore]]
	- Additionally, they have given her a large sum of gold
	- I will leave some for you at the inn in [[Lindow]] (10k pp)
	- I'm leaving for Aramore, it will take quite some time before I arrive there and can provide info for you
	- Met a few people from [[Anburora Maton]], call themselves [[The Firekeepers]]
	- They talked to the higher up and spilled the beans on the [[Party 2]], although he seemed to already know those three...
	- He is waiting for them in [[Lindow]]. Sent his regards to [[Conor]]...
- He spills the beans to the other party members immediately.
- [[Conor]] is extremely suspicious and decides to ask [[Ashk]]. They decide to do that in the morning and book a visit.

#### Day 050
#day50 
- [[Ashk]] discusses the situation with the [[Party 2]]
- He also explains the #eidolon situation in more details, as well as the potential quest to capture [[Khirhan]] with a diversion for [[Magala]] who is accompanying him all the time.
- He mentions [[Terminus]] and the residence of [[Venus|The Vile]].
- He encourages the party to gather intel and suggests them to go to [[Lindow]].