#### Day 050
#day50 
- After [[Party 2]] finishes their business with [[Ashk]], they slowly prepare for their travel to [[Lindow]].
- [[Finn]] visits a tattoo artist and spends the 5000 gp worth of #amethyst and 250 gp worth of coins to extend his tattoos.
	- He gets +1 charisma by completing this process and also deepends his relationship with [[Psionus|The Dreamer]].
- The [[Party 2]] waits for him patiently and after a few hours he returns with seemingly nothing changed or puchased.
	- [[Colm]] rolls a nat 20 and [[Finn]] shares some details with him in private.
- They exit [[Anburora Maton]] and make their way towards [[Lindow]].
- [[Conor]] shares some info on what to expect from the road.
- The first day, they meet a courier delivering packages and leters to [[Anburora Maton]].
- [[Finn]] plays around with him by telepathically communicating with him.
- After they realize that there is not much of importance, they let him go.
- The night passes without any meaningful events.
	- [[Colm]] continues his meditation to create the warding talisman.

#### Day 051
#day51 
- The day passes without any meaningful events.
- [[Norren]] performs the #findFamiliar ritual and summons a black hawk and sends it towards [[Lindow]] with instructions to let them know if it sees something or to stay near the inn in [[Lindow]] if it arrives before them.
- On [[Conor]]'s watch, he notices a "balloon with a trailing curtain behind it" ([[Death Kiss]]).
- He awakens [[Colm]] and he rolls another nat 20, seeing the tentacles and feeling the [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]'s energy around it (it being an aberration).
- They wake up everyone and slowly approach the creature.
- The creature looks at [[Colm]] and once everyone else arrives, it scans them too.
- Once it sees [[Finn]] it gets terrified and starts running away.
- [[Finn]] sends it a message and persuades it to stop.
- He approaches it and tries to communicate with it, noticing that it is afraid and submissive. He also reads its thoughts, probing deeper, realizing it wants to eat.
- He also touches it, but there are no side-effects.
- He releases it and they continue sleeping.
- [[Colm]] is not able to focus this night as [[Finn]] is intently focusing on him and interfering with his ritual / meditation.

#### Day 052
#day52 
- The day is spent tracking the road to [[Lindow]] in a somewhat dense fog.
- [[Norren]] rolls a nat 1 on his perception check and decides to go two shifts by himself.
- [[Finn]] drinks 10 days worth of #residual.
- The second shift, he barely notices that they are being ambushed by sorrowsworn.
- After a (n actually easy) battle (due to the bad rolls of the DM...), they defeat [[The Hungry]] and the onslaught of [[The Wretched]].