#### Day 026
#day26 
- The party investigates the items gotten in the bloody heist and counts the received platinum coins.
- The bloodstone goes to [[Vince]], the mirror of the past goes to [[Finn]] and the cauldron goes to [[Khirhan]].
- [[Finn]] looks into the mirror and sees a glimpse of the three soldiers that killed his mother [[Aska Sharian]] and another glimpse of her laying on the ground and reaching out for [[Aeris|The Mother]] who responds with enchanting the [[Lakh'ota Battleaxe]] and granting [[Khirhan]] his abilities.
- [[Finn]] chases everyone else from his room and they spend the night in their room.

#### Day 027
#day27
- They group up mid-day at the ship restaurant and have a conversation.
- [[Khirhan]] looks around the ship, in search of women.
- [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] also search the ship and encounter [[Izig Dhanan]] who is relaxing and smoking his pipe.
- They make a bet about what he does for a living, [[Vince]] saying he is a royal, [[Finn]] saying he's a writer. The bet is 5pp.
- They start a conversation, [[Khirhan]] arrives and sits nearby (later joins them). He teases them a bit, and after finding out about the bet, he asks them to guess again after a few hints he has given them. [[Finn]] says he's an academic and wins the small bet for 5gp, whereas [[Vince]] wins the bigger one.
- He and [[Vince]] trade grass.
- They spend the day talking and night drinking.
- During the day, [[Izig Dhanan]] drops a lot of #eidolon lore on the [[Party]]. Explaining casting spells, studying magic, warping of symbols. He also tells them a lot about [[Anburora Maton]], mentioning the [[Anburora Maton#Red Area]] and [[Anburora Maton#White Area]] and that this is the place for them, as adventurers. He also warns them about the #eidolon check, mentions the #visitCard s, warns [[Vince]] and the rest about the lower layer #eidolon s and their bad impact on them and the people around them. Mentions pocket dimensions in the academies where powerful spells are cast.
	- He also mentions the [[Aspects of Reciprocity]].
	- He tells them to meet him at the baths the day after.
- [[Vince]] imbues the bloodstone with the #hypnoticPattern spell.
- Later that night, [[Vince]] gets contacted by [[Necron]]. He expresses his disappointment and gives [[Vince]] two choices. Being careful and not searching for his other initiate in [[Anburora Maton]], or finding them and murdering them in a gruesome, but creative, way.
- [[Khirhan]] has a talk with [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]]. He explains that he is power and violence and that he goes by "the powerful take, the weak's existence is of no importance". [[Khirhan]] also asks about the purple dragonborn, [[Magala]] and he mentions that he is a champion of another force of nature.

#### Day 028
#day28
- The [[Party]] meets up in the restaurant.
- [[Vince]]'s new black areas (on his fingers) are visible and a discussion is initiated.
- He shares with the [[Party]] what [[Necron]] told him and they have a short discussion about that.
- They move towards the baths to meet [[Izig Dhanan]].