#discord
#### Day 007
#day7 
- The [[Party]] notices [[Sebastiano]], [[Fabio]], [[Dahlia]] and [[Sabina]].
- [[Fabio]] gets up from the corpse of [[Khirhan Junior]], who was killed by the other [[Kayan]]s ([[Purple-Red Kayan]], [[Patchy Kayan]] and [[Raven-like Kayan]]).
- [[Sebastiano]] sits on [[Khirhan Junior]]'s corpse and a bone cracks.
- [[Sebastiano]] explains the situation to the [[Party]]. They need to leave their equipment and go around the hole in the [[Pyramid]] antechamber. They comply after some hesitation.
- [[Sebastiano]] has a talk with the [[Party]]. 
	- He gauges their honesty and threat to the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]] and considers them a major threat. 
	- They are not honest at all about the encounter where they killed 2 soldiers and set one free, they don't even mention the false permit.
	- They even tease them about the security of [[Orkham]] since 3 people could cause such a comotion.
	- [[Finn]] even threatens to cast a #firebolt at [[Sebastiano]]. The rest get ready to fight but [[Sebastiano]] calms them down.
- [[Sebastiano]]  decides to contact [[Abraham]] via his #bookOfShadows regarding this matter. [[Abraham]] in turn, contacts [[Psionus]], who tells him to exhile them. [[Sebastiano]] respects his superior's opinion and yields. He orders [[Fabio]] to give them the coins (1500).
- [[Fabio]] hesitates and asks [[Sebastiano]] if he is sure and he confirms his intent. He then throws the coin bag reluctantly at them.
- The church will be scrying on them from time to time. If they get 3 strikes, they will send a considerable force to dispatch them.
- They climb their [[Kayan]]s and leave. Before they do [[Sebastiano]] shares his name with [[Finn]].
- The party is dumbfounded and even jokes about them being paid about killing those soldiers, completely ignoring the fact that two families lost a father and husband and the people who got disturbed by their actions.
- They take the coins. They find out about [[Khirhan Junior]]'s death. [[Khirhan]] relizes that it was the doing of the other 3 [[Kayan]]s. 
	- They mention and think that maybe the church people made them kill it.
- [[Khirhan]] burries [[Khirhan Junior]] in the sand.
- They keep watch, first [[Finn]], then [[Vince]], then [[Khirhan]].
	- [[Finn]] doesn't notice anything special.
	- [[Vince]] thinks of history. What he knows about the #war, about #deities, about the #church.
	- [[Khirhan]] plays a sad tune on his flute, is later joined by [[Vince]] with a soothing humming, they bid their final farewell with [[Khirhan Junior]]. 
		- After the song, [[Khirhan]] takes a look around and notices [[The Lost]] standing far, far in the [[Zhaso Desert]] in the direction of the peninsula they came from. He cannot distinguish any features.


#### Day 008
#day8 
- The [[Party]] make their way towards [[Fadon]].
- They eventually climb a small hill and [[Fadon]] is revealed to them.
- They are surprised to not see any staff of the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]].
- They observe a fistfight between [[Seded]] and a thief. [[Seded]] wins.
	- [[Finn]] bets 10sp on him, but the guy who took the wagers ran away. [[Finn]] initiates a chase but does not manage to catch up to the petty thief.
- Upon returning, they find [[Bheman Rhesha]], the half elf merchant. He offers 500gp for the [[Kayan]]s. They bargain and end up at 550gp with an hour of questions for [[Bheman Rhesha]].
- They go towards [[The Peg Leg]] and since they don't want to leave the [[Kayan]]s outside, they decide to walk and talk.
	- They ask him about the #war, about any camps, about where they can find slaves, shops for weapons, what he trades, magical items...
- They walk to [[The Enterprise]] ship where [[Bheman Rhesha]] has his belongings. He gets the agreed sum and trades with them for the [[Kayan]]s, which he boards on the ship. They might end up as food, but they might also end up in a farm in [[Places/Aetheria/Arax Continent/Anburora Maton/Anburora Maton]] or beyond.