#discord
#### Day 009
#day9 

##### The Auction
* [[Vince]] is lead through a few alleyways to a lit basement entrance. A person waits in front of the entrance with a tray of masks and wooden signs with numbers.
	* [[Vince]] picks a fox mask and the number 02 and enters the basement where an auction will be soon taking place.
* After some time, two halfling [[Bobo & Zilla|jesters]], one blue and one red enter the scene. The blue one trips and breaks a box. The red one comes and hits him on the head. They both go and take a package. The blue one tries to trip the red one, but the red one manages to recover. He gets angry and throws the box that he is carrying, breaking it, and starts to attack the blue one. A man in a black suit and hawk mask enters the scene and gestures to the jesters to move away.
- 3 items are sold at the auction:
  1. [[Music Box of Resting]] - starting at 500gp up to 2000gp
  2. [[Mirror of Scrying]] - starting at 1000gp up to 2500gp
  3. [[Book of Speak With Dead]] - starting at 1000gp up to 2500
- The order of auctioned items was 1 3 2.
- [[Vince]] buys the [[Mirror of Scrying]] (2, for 2300gp) and the [[Book of Speak With Dead]] (3, for 1500gp).
- For the mirror, a member of the pirates outbid him a few times to raise the price because he clearly saw that [[Vince]] was veery interested in it.
- After the auction is over, people start leaving one by one, between 5 minute intervals.
- [[Vince]] pays for and claims the awards, telling the gentleman with the hawk mask that if they have some interesting items they should find him and they will be paid generously.
- The bell rings and he leaves after leaving the mask and number plate, heading for [[The Peg Leg]].

##### The Fight
- [[Zimem]] and [[Fo]] lead [[Finn]] and [[Khirhan]] to an alley intersecction to fight [[Ef]].
- [[Zimem]] asks where [[Vince]] is and is met with silence by [[Finn]]. He also asks them what they want to fight for and they say it's just because.
- [[Fo]], the blue dragonborn is waiting for them. [[Zimem]] explains the rules - no magic and no weapons. They lock into a fist fight.
- After quite a few rounds (and a lot of bad rolls - 4s), [[Fo]] loses the battle and grappled by [[Khirhan]], gets saved by [[Fo]] just as [[Khirhan]] is about to deliver the last hit.
- [[Zimem]] rewards the [[Party]] 2 minor healing potions and leads them back to [[The Peg Leg]].
- [[Fo]] takes [[Ef]] for treatment and more lectures.

##### What are these items?
- [[Finn]] and [[Khirhan]] arrives at [[The Peg Leg]], get a table and get [[Brui]] to bring them stuff, namely an ice bucket, lamb and a barrel of ale for [[Khirhan]], a glass for [[Finn]]...
- They chill for a second until [[Vince]] arrives, bearing gifts.
- They go into one of their 3 reserved rooms to check the items.
- [[Finn]] attunes to the [[Mirror of Scrying]] and [[Vince]] attunes to the [[Book of Speak With Dead]].
- [[Finn]] tries to scry on [[Esma]], but is not successful and is rejected by the mirror.
- They go to sleep.

#### Day 010
- [[Khirhan]] attunes to the [[Mirror of Scrying]] and tries to scry on [[Esma]] (who fails with a 1). He manages to see her alive, but the background is pure white. She picks up a flower and puts it in a basket she's holding, but [[Khirhan]] does not manage to take a good look at it.
- Just as the [[Party]] is wondering what is their next move, [[Seded]] enters the tavern, as it's his shift today.
- He offers the info that he has gathered for 100gp (50gp each), which [[Finn]] throws without even thinking about it.
- [[Seded]] tells them that there was an orc woman during the building of the big ship, there were no slaves, they sailed a few weeks ago, they hired them to keep watch over the area and they didn't have any issues with them, from what he's heard. He doesn't know where they went with the ship. He mentions [[Places/Aetheria/Arax Continent/Anburora Maton/Anburora Maton]] and an island that needs to be circled around to get there. Ships usually sail to the east.
- He also tells them about the medalions. Old things, found two books on them, [[Aeris|The Mother]] and [[Psionus|The Dreamer]], they are referred to as titans, gods, even eidolons, hard to find knowledge about them.
- [[Vince]] asks him if they do deliveries. But the [[Onyx Spider]] do not have the means to cross the desert and no ships sail westward. [[Seded]] mentions that [[Kayan]]s are rare here and notices they have ditched theirs.
- The [[Party]] goes to the harbor and hires the [[Sour Pot]] to the [[Euwetax Continent]] for 30gp per person two-way tickets.
- They agree to leave at sunset and the [[Party]] goes to town for some shopping.
- [[Vince]] buys a few books from an old lady in town, [[Necron|The Reaper]] and two books for botanical medicine.
- [[Finn]] buys a studded leather armor. [[Khirhan]] buys a kite shield and an "adapter" to shift the orientation of the shield to cover the whole front part of the hand.
- They meet and board the [[Sour Pot]]. They meet with [[Calra Farchaser]] and she comments about [[Khirhan]]'s origin, her being a full orc. She leads them to their room, they hear the anchor being lifted and the wind hitting the sails. The ship starts moving.