#### Day 047
#day47 
- The [[Party 2]] with [[Qia Huay]] face the [[Stygian Zinogre]].
- They take it down and [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] are the ones who are most hurt. [[Qia Huay]] and [[Norren]] do not take any damage.
- [[Conor]], [[Colm]] and [[Finn]] try desperately to break a horn from the creature.
	- [[Finn]] hits it with a #chromaticOrb (lightning), #lightningBolt. The horn is burnt and damaged.
	- [[Conor]] slashes it with the halberd and luckily does not get it stuck in the horn. He makes a 2-3cm slash.
	- [[Colm]] enchants his hammer with #magicWeapon and gives it to [[Conor]].
	- [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] lift the head of the creature and place it on a tree stump that [[Finn]] places beneath it.
	- [[Conor]] hits the horn and with the previous damage they manage to break it.
	- He is asked by [[Aeris|The Mother]] about his purpose and he answers with "brotherhood". This does not please her, so she does not assist. She is losing interest in him.
	- The break is like a broken twig, intertwined broken bone keeps the horn from falling, and with a few twists, they release it from the being.
- While the three are breaking the horn, [[Norren]] and [[Qia Huay]] have a quiet talk while investigating the creature.
	- She gives him the [[Medallion of Covert Divination (VPN)]] and tells him to attune to it.
	- She also tells him to take his capsule a nd break it, so that they cannot track him even if she gets caught.
	- She additionally tells him, under no circumstances to strike a deal with any #eidolon. Even if he is desperate or the deal is too good, never to accept it.
	- They also discuss a plan that [[Qia Huay]] has thought of.
- [[Norren]] asks to take a look at the horn and casts #mending on it.
	- Being the first one to show kindness to it, he is offered a deal, sensing only the powerful energy coming from it.
	- He accepts the deal and the horn shatters.
	- It forms the [[Exiled Dagger]] and [[Norren]] forms a connection with [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]].
	- [[Qia Huay]] is very disappointed and very worried.
- They move back to the house and have a talk.
	- [[Conor]] makes tea. When passing a cup to [[Norren]] he already feels the [[Champion Repulsion]] although faint.
	- [[Finn]] explains a few things vaguely to [[Norren]] about what he has done.
	- [[Norren]] thinks that he can use this force for good.
	- [[Qia Huay]] explains that this cannot be done as the energy he uses only fuels the #eidolon s making them stronger, leaking more energy and causing more mayhem.
	- [[Qia Huay]] also explains her plan.
		- [[Norren]] died in the encounter.
		- She was helped by some people. They ask for anonimity and she says she will say that they wore masks, left during the night.
		- Some [[Arcanists]] will come to take the corpse and bring it to [[Aramore]].
		- She can use the opportunity to try and get promoted, so that she can get access to more info.
		- [[Conor]], [[Colm]] and [[Finn]] become immediately suspicious, even though they have done around 10 insight checks already. She is telling the truth and has no ill intentions.
		- The party that helped her broke the horn and transformed it into the dagger.
		- She persuaded them to leave it and entrust it to the [[Arcanists]].
	- The [[Party 2]] is aware of the possibility of [[Khirhan]] making an appearance, either because they destroyed something similar to a stone, or to gets his protege. He, of course, has no such intentions.
	- [[Conor]] brings a ceramic pot and tells [[Norren]] to try the dagger.
	- [[Norren]] rolls a natural 20, the part where the dagger hits is turned to ash and the surrounding area is melted and burns bright red for a moment before the pot collapses into itself.
	- [[Norren]] feels the power of the dagger growing and fails a wisdom saving throw. He is forced to stab it into the table, which gets pierced without any ressistance. He is confused about what just happened.
	- [[Norren]] leaves the dagger in the table and gets out.
	- [[Colm]] gets out and finds some stairs to get on the roof and watch the situation.
	- They decide to leave the same night, either towards [[Anburora Maton]] or towards the [[Crossroads (Place)]].
	- [[Norren]] and [[Qia Huay]] say their goodbyes. [[Qia Huay]] tells him again that he has a long life ahead and that their separation is inevitable. She tells him to try things and to go to a brothel with the [[Party 2]]. [[Finn]] gave her the feeling that he is such a guy.
	- [[Norren]] fails another wisdom save and with his sleight of hand (dirty 20), pockets the [[Exiled Dagger]].
	- The [[Party 2]], now including [[Norren]], head towards the forest.
	- [[Finn]] pulls his usual prank and challenges [[Norren]] to drink some #residual. He fails a constituation saving throw and falls down on the ground, his throat, nasal and mouth cavity burning with pain.
	- At that point, [[Qia Huay]] arrives and asks [[Norren]] to return the dagger and for them to teleport, because why would they go in the forest anyway.
	- [[Norren]] barely saves the wisdom save (with a 13) and throws the dagger on the ground.
	- [[Colm]] breaks the teleportation crystal and after a short delay they teleport to the [[Anburora Maton#Gold Plateau]].