#### Day 036
#day36 
- [[Finn]] goes to a smith and requests that the newly found Leather Armor +2 is combined with his leather jacket.
- This would be done in 2 days.
- The [[Party 2]] has no particular reactions to the meteor shower.

#### Day 037
#day37 
- The [[Party 2]] visits [[Uthio Rissu]] and asks about possible ways a different party could locate them.
- [[Uthio Rissu]] tells [[Finn]] that the cremation of [[Vince]] will be ready until nightfall. However, this is delayed after the following discussion.
- [[Uthio Rissu]] says that it would be impossible from outside of [[Anburora Maton]].
	- No party has claimed the rewards for the manticore quest.
	- No other party has taken the same quest.
- [[Conor]] fills a report of what they saw and experienced and handed over to [[Uthio Rissu]].
- They idle until the next day.
- [[Khirhan]] does not roll any crits.

#### Day 038
#day38 
- The [[Party 2]] goes shopping
	- They visit a goliath merchant and buy some magical items - Wand of Detect Magic, Gloves of Missile Snaring
	- They visit [[Coaly Flower (alchemy)]] and bouth 2 minor and 2 greater healing potions, 2 Oils of Sharpness (+1) and a 6 days worth of #residual for 350gp all.
- Once [[Finn]] takes his armor from the smith, they do 2 quests.
- They fight 2 manticores.
	- They receive 1400 gp.
	- They cut one of the manticore's heads but cannot carry it.
- They fight 3 basilisks.
	- Nobody is petrified.
	- They cave in the underground tunnel expecting a bigger reward.
	- They open up more work by doing that, as the weak spring is blocked and 2 more basilisks escape the rubble.
	- [[Colm]] takes out 4 basilisk eyes out of the corpses and gives them to [[Finn]] who puts them in jars and into the bag of holding.
	- They receive 2100 gp.
- They spend the night drinking and talking.
- [[Khirhan]] does not roll any crits.