Each [[Eidolons|Eidolon]] has a unique [[Legendary Armament]] that they can grant to their champion. These legendary weapons are what the [[Arcanists]] sought to recreate. A fraction of their power could prove immensely useful in their endeavors to take down the Eidolons. Using their power, makes their goal so much more satisfactory to achieve.

Understanding the fundamental concept of [[Ether]] and a few other breakthroughs allowed the Arcanists to create the first such weapon. The [[Frequency - Cicus Ersatz Weapon]] was the first of a chain of experiments to prove successful. This was achieved due to the presence of [[The Cocoon]] and the knowledge they shared with them, as well as being able to study [[Tinnitus - The Mind's Legendary Armament]].

With the [[Ether Conversion Technology]] they invented, they were able to store and convert raw #ether into the thunder element. Harnessing this technology into a weapon made out of parts of the [[Eidolon-touched animals|Eidolon-touched]] bug that attacked [[Norren]]'s family 20 years ago. This resulted in the [[Frequency - Cicus Ersatz Weapon|Frequency]] #switchaxe. It was given to [[Bal Chuvorsk]] as a high-standing member of the Arcanists. Proven loyal and dedicated to their cause.

With the first success, came two other, [[Frostbite - Glacies Ersatz Weapon]] and [[Rest - Necron Ersatz Weapon]]. And they are very close to mass-producing these weapons. [[Pandemonium]] is close anyway. Might as well prepare to the fullest extent.