#### Day 043
#day43 
- The party is confronted by [[Sim Denarsk]]. He has taken the quest ot help them with the whole world saving business. 
	- He is surprised with them as they are far from the typical heroes portraid in stories. They don't even have a name.
- [[Xamuth Zorill]] tells the party that the discount is theirs.
- [[Party 2]] in the end decide to leave the second quest for the next day.
- They are veery suspicious of [[The Firekeepers]] and constantly look for [[Night of Dreams]] around them, not having seen him at [[Xamuth Zorill]]'s.
- [[Finn]] and [[Conor]] race towards the shop where they now have a deal. They, in the end arrive at more or less the same time. [[Colm]] walks slowly towards them.
- They pay 15k gp for the 3 [[Medallion of Covert Divination (VPN)]] and have them customized
	- [[Finn]] gets his intertwined with his original [[Psionus Medallion]].
	- [[Conor]] gets his in a shape similar to his plate armor.
	- [[Colm]] gets his in the shape of a hexagon.
- They go to the inn and into their respective rooms.
	- [[Conor]] is determined to pursue his goal and does not waver.
	- [[Colm]] does not manage to sort his thoughts and does not deepen his connection to [[Sanctus|The Holy]].
	- [[Finn]] talks to [[Psionus]].
		- They tell him that they want to assimilate [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] and [[Venus|The Vile]] first.
		- They don't tell him the plan just yet.
		- He does not insist.
		- They see [[Colm]] as a threat, but they say he is too young.
		- [[Finn]] also asks about his condition and the residual.
		- They tell him that "the transformation IS painful", but his life is not in danger. He would lose a part of his will, as they would become even closer.
		- They also tell him that his mother served the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]] and died tragically on the battlefield.
		- Only one person returned [[Julius Cicero]] and is living in the [[Outer Walls]] area, retired.

#### Day 044
#day44 
- They make their way to [[Xamuth Zorill]] and take the [[Wisira Catacombs 6]] quest.
- [[Xamuth Zorill]] ensures them that they will get their wish as they desire.
- They are teleported to [[Wisira]], but there is a mishap, they are blown back and then teleported again to [[Wisira]], taking 5 force damage (3d10).
- [[Colm]] sees a #nightwalker and they stay away (luckily).
- They enter the dungeon and arrive in the Waiting Room.
	- [[Finn]] lights the fire place and inhales a bit of necrotic dust.
	- The fire, burning red with green accents starts melting the color from the portrait above.
	- Behind the painting is a red round gem, that [[Finn]] takes.
	- [[Conor]] searches for any valuables, finds nothing.
	- [[Finn]] activates the want of magic detection.
- They proceed to the Crypt.
	- [[Finn]] having the detect magic up, sees the 6 symbols on the walls and sends a mage hand (from the lantern) to inspect them.
	- After investigating the room, they proceed through it.
	- [[Conor]] steps on a loose tile, but nothing happens.
- They inspect the Cells but find nothing.
- They then proceed to the Barracks and fight a #flameSkull.
	- [[Colm]] casts #dispelMagic and dispells the resurrection effect on it.
	- It does manage to get off a #fireball before being destroyed by being smashed to the ground by [[Conor]].
	- The #fireball does ignite all wooden objects in the room and CO2 is starting to spread through the dungeon.
- They then proceed to the Kitchen, without extinguishing the fire.
	- In the kitchen they see a pot, a table and a butcher's knife on it.
	- In the corner there is a pile of flesh ~5ft tall.
	- [[Finn]] sends the #mageHand to move the flesh as he sees magical energy similar to the round rock and the locked door.
	- Part of the flesh rises and the [[Party 2]] finds themselves face to face with a #beholderZombie