# The City
A glorious settlement of the most advanced users of psionic powers in the timeline of [[Places/Aetheria/Aetheria|Aetheria]]. Much like in the canon forgotten realms ethereal plane, these sorcerers bent reality to their will and thoughts. And all it took was one mishap, one gifted individual, who was not completely normal and had twisted motives and beliefs, to transform a tremendously advanced civilization into an abomination to be feared and loathed in all years to come, until the next [[Pandemonium]].

# The Civilization
The bending of [[Ether]] was second nature to this lineage. A new element, thoughts, will, psyche. Nothing was made from this strand of [[Ether]] apart from consciousness itself, albeit scattered across millions of creatures. Through conversion, they manipulated the fabric of reality itself. And with immense power, comes the ability to create extraordinary follies.

# The Downfall
The name of this civilization, Yozegnites, has long been forgotten. But only the name of the person who caused the mutation has wormed its way in history, over and over, and over again. [[Eternis]]. An unstable mind, yet so powerful. He did not only bend reality to his will, but also the minds of others. And with this came omniscience. And with omniscience... madness. This madness caused unwilling and subconscious thoughts to overpower his conscious mind. The influence he had on others caused them to become corrupted as well. And eventually, reality faltered. The environment and people turned into unholy eldritch abominations. Material turned to undulating flesh. Flesh given thought... And it all culminated into the ultimate punishment, brought by the same madness that started it all. The first new realm, [[The Far Realm]]. The minds of all, living and still, transported to it in the form of the realm's source - the city of [[Pandora]]. Forever changing and mutating, never to break free from the curse of their own doing. The material part left behind, now forming a massive City of dead, rotting flesh. It began to sink, but the pockets of air never let it sync fully, so it remained, floating the mass of the [[Cheudalox Island]] on its back.

# Mindflayers
Even in bacteria, mutations sometimes persist. They allow the organisms to adapt, to survive. Such was the case with the mindflayers. The mutations that [[Eternis]] wrought, caused a unique strand of creatures to appear. Eldritch in nature, they could prevent further mutations and the toxic influence of warping mind and body from their now de-facto leader. Finding their strange ways of multiplication, the first mindflayer turned into what is now the [[Elder Brain]], with an army, an underground dead city, and a plan to reunite, and save whatever it can from the realm where it was all lost.