#### Day 014
#day14
- They eat the somewhat sour meat of the [[Chuul]]'s and head for bed. They set up their sleeping bags near a house in the village.
- They notice the #flumph s floating in the air and changing colors.
- [[Vince]] throws a rock at one and they all turn red. The villagers are disturbed but do not notice who threw the rock.
- The [[Party]] asks a villager if it's safe to do that and they say that there are constant guards on the lookout and that they will hear if danger is near.
- [[Finn]] walks around the village to get a feel for it. He stops by the smith [[Gum Shakei]] and asks him for a glass pipe or rod, to which the smith replies that he doesn't work with glass.
- [[Vince]] recites a poem that nobody can remember since it was of the top of his head.
- [[Khirhan]] plays his flute and the #flumph s change colors in accord with the melody.
- [[Finn]] is woken up in the middle of the night with searing pain in his stomach. 
- [[Vince]] tries to heal him, but #healingWord doesn't help. 
- [[Finn]] drinks a lot of alcohol and takes some drugs and the pain is lost in the other sensations.
- He feels a light tug on the [[Psionus Medallion]].
- He goes to the forest and [[The Psionus Medalion Puzzle Unfolds]].
- He returns and has trouble falling asleep.

#### Day 015
#day15
- [[Om Saurbough]] lets them know that [[Ephezok]] asked for them.
- They go to [[Ephezok]] and initiate a conversation:
	- They stay silent and prank [[Ephezok]] by pretending that they cannot hear him.
	- They discuss rewards for the [[Chuul]]s. [[Vince]] agrees on a surprise. [[Finn]] asks for a helmet or goggles that extend his darkvision. [[Khirhan]] wants an extension of his axe so that it can be a greataxe instead of a battle axe.
	- He shares his findings on the source of the illusion spells, defining them as a combination of [[Psionus]] and [[Venus]]. 
	- [[Ephezok]] is curious about the church and asks [[Vince]] for some details. He asks him for details about who they worship, why they hate other races, why they didn't know about the #eidolon s, the crystal rain and its connecton to [[Aeris|The Mother]]...
	- [[Finn]] notices the [[Psionus]] symbol flickering on the wall and switching between itself and the symbol of [[Eternis]]. [[Ephezok]] cannot perceive this flicker.
	- He starts his research on such behavior.
	- [[Finn]] asks him if he has any glass rods, which he doesn't.
- [[Finn]] finds a solitary place and tries to scry on [[Aska Sharian]]. The mirror, trying to scry a dead target, activates its cursed effect and cracks, becoming unusable.
- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] make a drawing each, a bikini version of the girl who witnessed the [[Khirhan]] handshake and a posing [[Khirhan]] accordingly.
- [[Khirhan]] takes the drawings to [[Roa Bosk]] and she plays with him for a bit before she invites him on a date later that day.
- [[Finn]] cracks a a few more bottles to drown the pain in his stomach. 
- [[Khirhan]] has the date with [[Roa Bosk]]. They spend the night together and [[Roa Bosk]] begins carrying [[Khirhan]]'s child.
- [[Finn]] wakes up in the middle of the night with searing pain on the left part of his torso. The stomach pain is also present. [[Vince]] also tries to heal him again with #healingWord but with no success. He drinks a single gulp of the #residual and the pain subsides.

#### Day 016
#day16
- The [[Party]] goes to the smith to pick up their first batch of goodies.
- The [[Enhanced Lakh'ota Battleaxe]] and the [[Chuul Goggles]] are done and picked up by [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] accordingly.
- This is a free day to be filled in [[Notes - Session 014]] if the players so desire.
- [[Finn]]
	- Attunes to the [[Psionus Medallion]].
	- The [[Aeris Pendant]] cracks.
	- He has a talk with [[Psionus]].
		- F: What can you do for me?
		- P: What can YOU do for me? What can we do for each other?
		- P: After so much time, I was expecting a 'Hi, long time no see, how have you been?'...
		- F: I'm lost. What is my purpose?
		- P: You will find out many things. You will discover your purpose.
		- F: Can you do something about the pain? Should I fight it?
		- P: You already have means of dealing with the pain. One way to find out.
		- F: How do I develop our connection?
		- P: Talk to me. 
		- F: What is your connection to the church?
	- The connection cuts off as [[Finn]] has a hard time keeping it alive.
	- He has a talk with [[Ephezok]].
		- They go over [[Finn]]'s memories and they see the black living, moving creature in the potion.
		- The chief says that is definitely the reason for [[Finn]]'s troubles.
		- He also makes the conclusion that the #residual is actually hurting the parasite or symbiote so that it doesn't hurt him.
		- He also warns [[Finn]] that he may feel like they are the same thing, but the #symbiont is a creature of its own.
		- He tells [[Finn]] that they can do further research, but he does not have the materials he would need for that at the moment. He will send a list to him during the day with the necessary materials.
		- [[Finn]] asks the chief to mend the broken [[Aeris Pendant]].
		- The chief explains that he cannot do that. Only by restoring the connection can that be mended. Maybe it's better with some of his friends. [[Finn]] decides to give it to [[Khirhan]].
		- They go into a discussion about the flickering of the [[Psionus]] symbol.
		- The chief asks him where he thinks he got the picture with the Eidolons. [[Finn]] thinks he drew it, but the chief reminds him that these things cannot be drawn, they have to be gifted. The picture is magical and directly connected to the Eidolons and the balance they hold. 
		- He describes the alignment of the #eidolon s to [[Finn]].
		- He warns [[Finn]] about his decision and that he had chosen between two of the most opposed Eidolons - [[Aeris|The Mother]] and [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]. One being the pillar of Good and the other being the unchecked member of Evil.
		- He gives [[Finn]] a light green clear potion (greater healing) in hopes that they return safely from the fight with the monkey.
		- The chief is unsure, but they shake hands, a bit of the slime of the chief remaining on [[Finn]]'s hand. Before leaving, [[Ephezok]] #prestidigitation s this.
- [[Khirhan]] has a talk with [[Ephezok]]
	- [[Khirhan]] asks the chief about the symbol and the connection to the tribe.
	- After a bit of discussion, the chief tells him that the symbol is probably not directly related to his tribe, but with his connection with his parents, who gifted him the axe.
	- [[Khirhan]] mentions the hole he dropped in as a kid.
	- The chief things that it is possible that there is a connection, but cannot immediately identify it - he begins his research.
	- They also talk about the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]]. The chief warns him again and tells him that that creature probably does not have a weakness, they can expect lightning attacks and that they are at the creature's mercy. If they kill it, they more or less save the island and help [[Aburr]]. If not, may the #eidolon s help them all.
	- He also shags [[Roa Bosk]] again.
- [[Vince]] tries the [[Kashar-Dai]] whistle, but gets no response.

#### Day 017
#day17
- The [[Party]] goes to the smith to pick up their second batch of goodies.
- The [[Chuul Enhanced Kite Shield]] and [[Chuul Whip]] are picked up by [[Khirhan]] and [[Vince]] accordingly.
- [[Khirhan]] slaps [[Vince]] with the whip dealing more than 10 damage to him and [[Vince]] fails the saving throw for the paralysis effect. He succeeds on his second try tho. [[Khirhan]] uses a #savePoint to undo the damage as they are going to fight the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]].
- The [[Party]] tracks the monkey down, seeing electrified ground and trees on their path and eventually come to a clearing where the monkey is sleeping.
- They have time to devise a plan, but next session, a tough fight is about to begin.