#### Day 61
#day61 
- The [[Party 3]] and [[The Firekeepers]], except [[Myuren Jyesnorae]], meet in [[Arcanists]] HQ.
- The torches flash red as there is illusion magic involved.
- They arrive at the door and soon [[Norren]] finds out it's a mimic.
- It requests meat from them or the password, but they don't supply any of those things as [[Colm]] casts #banishment on it.
- They move further down and end up in another hallway. They do not investigate any of the doors there and move on to the door at the end, which is locked with a lock.
- [[Colm]] uses the necklace and #scry 's on [[Anie]]. He then casts #locateCreature to know where she is.
- The torches in the room flash blue as these divination spells are cast.
- [[Norren]] gets a message from [[Qia Huay]] that whatever they are doing, they need to do fast, as they are mobilizing to get them.
- [[Norren]] does his thing and with the help of [[Night of Dreams]] they unlock the door.
- Down more stairs, they end up in another hallway. Cages on the sides with some [[Eidolon-touched animals]], some alive, some dead, some in unknown conditions, no door at the end.
- They continue downwards. [[Night of Dreams]] stays to unlock some of the cages.
- They enter a larger room with 4 cages with blurry outsides.
- The cage at the top right is where [[Anie]] is. There is a single guard there who surrenders immediately.
- [[Norren]] and [[Night of Dreams]] pick the lock.
- They unlock it, but the trap is triggered. A shockwave causes 38 damage to all who fail their CON saves and half as much to those who succeed.
- After a short while, [[Arcanists]] start entering the room. 2 out of 3 leave when they see the cage open.
- The other one is charmed by [[Norren]] and stays for a short while.
- The guard throws a #silence device at the party.
- [[Anie]] is calmed by everyone and hugs [[Conor]].
- [[Aeon]] alerts [[Finn]] and after a few rounds, he arrives.
- He uses #armsOfHadar to capture [[Anie]] who attempts to negate his spell, but ends up casting #mightyFortress instead.
- The [[Party 3]] and [[The Firekeepers]] find themselves in a room with around 30 more [[Arcanists]].
- [[Colm]], previously called [[Ashk]] to help them.
- [[Ashk]] arrives as [[Finn]] leaves with [[Anie]].
- [[Finn]] leaves a #gate to the party, leading to [[Lindow]].
- [[Conor]] is broken, [[Norren]] notices two [[Arcanists]] who resemble [[Bal Chuvorsk]] in stature, noticing that one of the weapons is a white saber - [[Glacies|The Mist]] based #ersatzWeapon .
- [[Aeon]] starts to move back and [[Colm]] casts #holdPerson on him. He fails the save, but is paralyzed and cannot move.
- Seeing this, [[Ashk]] sighs and tells [[Colm]] to drop the spell, as he casts #powerWordRestrain on [[Aeon]].