#discord 

#### Day 006
#day6
- The [[Party]] rests far from the spider nest they just cleared.
- [[Khirhan]] keeps watch, patrols and plays the flute.
- Eventually he wakes them up a bit earlier than expected.
- [[Khirhan]] falls asleep a bit while [[Finn]] keeps watch while being drousy.

#### Day 007
#day7
- [[Khirhan]] leads them NW, or so he thinks. They actually go W, SW (6 on a d8).
- They come near another [[Giant Spider]] nest and decide to burn and attack it.
- They fight 4 [[Giant Spider]]s of which 3 are killed by [[Finn]], 2 with the #shatter spell and one with the #firebolt. 1 is killed by [[Khirhan]].
- Getting even more lost in the [[Underground Garden]], [[Finn]] looks at the ceiling and despite all odds, manages to see a [[Psionus|snail]]. It is moving in a given direction. After looking away, it disappears.
- [[Finn]] thinks of the medalion, pulls it out and the medalion pulls him in a direction and guides him towards the entrance.
- They see the place where they first fought the spiders the previous day. [[Finn]] sees a bunch of smaller spiders and a few cacoons hanging in the deepers parts of the webbed area.
- They come to a familiar flatter place. Soon after they hear the voice of [[The Minotaur]] who helpes them up.
- He leads them to the entrance, after showing them that he is bound to the labyrinth and cannot physically exit it. He also mentions that he doesn't remember eating and that he gets hungry but after some time stops being hungry.
- The [[Party]] climbs up the opening and enters the antechamber of the [[Pyramid]]. 
- There, they see [[Sebastiano]], [[Dahlia]], [[Sabina]] and [[Fabio]] and don't see the birds anywhere around. [[Fabio]] has actually killed one of the birds.