#### Day 047
#day47 
- The [[Party 2]] continues asking questions to [[Mileena]] and she is more than cooperative, despite the way they are treating her.
- They find out about her losing her pinky some 5 days ago as payment for dispatching some wolves.
- [[Conor]], in the tavern's bathroom, scries on [[Anie]] with his [[Medallion of Covert Divination (VPN)]]. He rolls poorly on the stealth check (with advantage, 2x 3) and gets noticed, an older male harsh voice scolding him on his attempt.
- They learn that the mercenaries are resting at [[Conor]]'s old residence.
- [[Mileena]]'s grandma tasks her little brother to inform the [[Arcanists]] at [[Conor]]'s place.
- [[Qia Huay]] and [[Norren]] are sitting in the dining room and talking about their objectives, mentioning the meteor shower, fallen stone at the mountainside and the strangeness of the wolves they fought, having red sparks and burnt fur.
- The [[Party 2]] orders some drinks and they move towards [[Conor]]'s old house.
- [[Mileena]]'s little brother gets a silver piece from [[Qia Huay]] after delivering the information.
- [[Qia Huay]] and [[Norren]] go into hiding in the nearby forest.
- [[Party 2]] arrives at the house and [[Finn]] enters while being invisible.
- Finding nothing, he invites everyone to join him.
- [[Qia Huay]] goes to the tavern to learn a bit more about the situation.
- [[Conor]] explains as much as he know about the [[Arcanists]] to the rest of the [[Party 2]] and unattunes from the [[Medallion of Covert Divination (VPN)]].
- During that time [[Qia Huay]] returns to [[Norren]] and explains the situation to him. They decide to talk with them, as they do not have any issue with them in particular. [[Qia Huay]] writes a message and nails an arrow in the door of the house the party is in.
- [[Finn]] grabs it with his phasing abilities, without them exiting the house.
- [[Conor]] moves towards [[Qia Huay]] as [[Colm]] has already found her through the windows and she is not hiding anymore.
- They move towards [[Conor]] as well and they meet ~6ft apart and start talking.
- [[Finn]] and [[Colm]] #thunderstep behind them. After the sound from the thunderstep subsides, [[Colm]] hears a single distant wolf houl.
- [[Conor]] is very angry and regards the two [[Arcanists]] in front of him with disdain, refusing their invitation for an open conversation in a tavern.
- The talk, more of a questioning from the party's side, annoys [[Qia Huay]], but she insists on a fair treatment.
- In the end, they move into [[Conor]]'s house and sit down and talk.
- After a lot of persuasion and mistrust, [[Conor]] shares his story with them.
- This strikes [[Qia Huay]] as odd, given that in the last 30 years of her service to the organization, she hadn't noticed even a trace of something that bad as the party is making it to be.
- She decides to investigate, even though she is aware of the potential costs.
- She also strikes a deal with [[Conor]], they take care of [[Norren]], keep him company and safe from any potential [[Arcanists]] backlash. She investigates this further within the organization and lets them know of the results via [[Norren]], ensuring his safety further.
- [[Conor]] as a sign of trust, gives her his [[Medallion of Covert Divination (VPN)]].
- [[Finn]] does the [[Kashar-Dai]] whistle 3 times, but with no response.
- Later on, they notice red fireflies floating around.
- [[Finn]] and [[Norren]] walk through [[Lindow]] and he asks the people when these strange things started happening (e.g. wolves attacking, red fireflies) and finds out about the potential cause, the meteor crash.
- [[Finn]] also tells [[Norren]] that he will eventually need to pick a side and that something big is coming.
- When they regroup at the house, [[Finn]] investigates one of the fireflies, seeing red sparks around them.
- They soon after notice localized red lightning moving slowly through the forest towards them.
- Eventually, the fireflies brighten and their movements become more frantic as a [[Stygian Zinogre]] makes its appearance from behind the first line of forest trees.
- It howls and a few more red lightning strikes hit the surrounding area, the fireflies becoming even brighter.
- The party also notices that the lightning passes through these fireflies.