#### Day 047
#day47 
- The [[Party 2]] finds a tavern in the [[Anburora Maton#Gold Plateau]].
- [[Conor]] goes to bed.
	- He checks the quests.
	- He finds a quest which is no longer available named 'Eidolon-touched Wolf'.
	- He writes and sends a report of their encounter with the [[Stygian Zinogre]].
	- He receives a response from [[Ashk]] and a reward of 15100 gps, 100 of those for the report.
- [[Norren]], [[Finn]] and [[Colm]] have a drink
- [[Colm]] goes to bed as well.
	- He meditates on the sigil he wants to complete on his armor - [[Amulet of the Devout]]
- [[Norren]] and [[Finn]] go out in the night and search for an alchemy shop.
- They find an old working shop, run by an old man [[Albus]].
	- [[Norren]] orders a paralysis potion, strong poison and a serum of truth.
	- [[Finn]] orders some #residual.
- They move around the city until they wait for [[Albus]] to finish the potions.
- [[Norren]] takes out and destroys the capsule, as instructed by [[Qia Huay]].
- They pick up the potions and pay their due.
	- [[Finn]] gets 15 days worth of #residual.
- [[Albus]] has heard of [[Alain von Magnus]].
- [[Finn]] orders a potion of speed and magic potency for tomorrow.
- They go to the tavern and bed down for the night.

#### Day 048
#day48
- [[Norren]] gets up first and starts the day with a cup of coffee.
- [[Conor]] joins him after some time and gets himself some tea.
- [[Colm]] joins them a bit later.
- They make their way towards a magical item shop to find a magical item that they seek - #ringOfEvasion.
	- [[Norren]] stops by a market to buy some incense for the #findFamiliar spell, however they only sell bags which are too big to carry.
	- They arrive at the shop, run by [[Alvina]]. The occult setting and her dark clothes give a very serious feel to the shop.
	- The rings are waiting for them and they buy them both for 24k gps.
	- On the way back, [[Norren]] buys 3 small bags of incense for 30gp total (for #findFamiliar).
- They meet in front of the tavern with [[Finn]] and move towards the golden palace to meet [[Ashk]]. [[Finn]] does a detour. [[Conor]] gives [[Finn]] 1000 gp.
- The three arrive at the palace and are guided to the waiting room.
	- [[Norren]] gets served coffee.
	- [[Colm]] gets a cup of sunflower seeds.
	- [[Conor]] gets the golden plateau special dessert.
- [[Finn]] goes and buys 1000 gp worth of amethyst from a vending machine, reaching his weekly limit for the golden plateau.
- After that, he visits [[Albus]], fetches the two potions for 400 gp both, one increasing his speed by 10ft for 1 minute and the other one restoring 2 sorcery points to him.
- He then makes his way towards the golden palace.
- They meet [[Ashk]].
	- He asks a few questions to [[Norren]] and he says that he doesn't want to keep his connection.
	- [[Ashk]] breaks the connection with a #greaterRestoration spell.
	- He commends them on the effort of slaying the [[Stygian Zinogre]], mentioning the quest and reward.
	- [[Finn]] feels betrayed by [[Conor]] for not mentioning this.
	- He scolds them a bit for the fast return and not that much progress done, but informs them that [[The Firekeepers]] are on the same quest, searching for info about the situation.
	- He also tells them that he wants to talk to [[Colm]] alone once they are done.
	- [[Conor]] says he has a question and stays with [[Colm]].
	- [[Conor]] gives even more details about the [[Arcanists]] and his backstory, including his wife - [[Ella]].
	- [[Ashk]] asks for permission to cast a spell on [[Conor]] and he identifies him, seeing that he has a spell cast on him.
	- He tells them that the [[Arcanists]] hold some importance to this whole situation, so they should investigate this further.
	- Once [[Conor]] leaves, [[Ashk]] tells [[Colm]] two things.
		- That [[Conor]] is affected by a mind altering spell.
		- That he was not able to capture [[Khirhan]] as he is always accompanied by [[Magala]], the purple dragonborn. It would be very dangerous, but they could help him in capturing him by distracting the purple dragonborn.
- They leave and take [[Norren]]'s armor to [[Borrat the Blacksmith]] to customize it.
- They also take [[Norren]] to a barber (french) and he gets an afro haircut and a comb.
- They idle for some time and then pick up [[Norren]]'s armor.