#live

#### Day 4
#day4
- Upon seeing the terrain change and walking a bit more on the beaten path, the sun fades and the [[Party]] finds a place where they will spend the night.
- [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] do the [[Kashar-Dai]] foreigner whistle. No response comes in the following minutes.
- [[Vince]] lays down and feels something poking him. He finds a box with a 3 number lock. They try a few different numbers and [[Finn]] tries to force it open with his sword, but in the end leave it to [[Khirhan]] to break the lock.
- Inside the box, they find a Ghost Lantern and feel the magical connection that can be made with it.
- [[Khirhan]] is first to watch guard. As he dozes off a little, he senses the sadness thread. The same one he and [[Vince]] felt while under the [[Crystal Tears]] rain. The thread becomes thicker... and thicker... Until it becomes unbearable. His [[Lakh'ota Battleaxe]] grows crystals on the head, this time solid. He throws it to the ground. The others wake and [[Finn]] casts calm emotions twice on him in order to calm him down. [[Khirhan]] even rages in order to rid himself of this strong emotion which is taking hold of him. A flumph appears in the trees above and explodes shortly after. With the axe detached, the effect lessens until it disappears fully.
	- [[Finn]] tries to touch the crystals on the axe, but they dissolve as usual.
- [[Finn]] attunes to the Ghost Lantern and tries it out. He goes in the woods and does the foreigner whistle again. This time he is met by [[Lizaris]], one of the scouts of the [[Kashar-Dai]]. They have a friendly conversation.
	
	- [[Finn]] gives him the [[Message from Orkham to the Crossroads Camp]].
	- [[Lizaris]] tells [[Finn]] about [[Orkham]], [[Zhaso Desert]] and the [[Kayan]]s in [[Orkham]]. He tells them about the pit-stop in the desert.
	- [[Lizaris]] gives [[Finn]] a bag of dust of pass without a trace.
	- [[Finn]] asks him about #residual.
- [[Vince]] is next on watch duty and the only thing that catches his attention is some beast roars in the forest (dragon roars to be precise). A dragon flies above him, but he does not notice it. He draws [[Khirhan]]'s axe with the crystals in his notebook, with great detail.
- They wake and share what they experienced through the night. [[Finn]], attuned to the Ghost Lantern showcases its mage hand property.

#### Day 5
#day5
- They make their way to [[Orkham]] and arrive at noon.
- [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] disguise themselves and try to enter the city. They are met by 3 guards who refuse to let them in at any cost. [[Finn]] notices the [[Kayan]] stables in the northern side of the city.
- [[Khirhan]] rushes with [[Khirhan Junior]], turns around and then turns around again. While rushing towards them, the soldiers shout and more soldiers mobilize. He jumps over the guards and 3 of them with a cleric rush towards him. 5 guards stay with [[Finn]] and [[Vince]].
- [[Finn]] casts Arms of Hadar and rushes past the guards. [[Vince]] joins him. They rush between the sandstone houses towards the stables. One cleric is affected by dissonant whispers (cast by [[Finn]]) and she goes to fetch the paladin in the town. [[Khirhan]] on [[Khirhan Junior]], smacks the lock on the [[Kayan]] stables, breaking it. Chased by the guards, [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] make it to the stables. In the meantime, [[Finn]] casts [[1 Draconic Shroud]], with which [[The Red Comet]] begins its approach. They remove the lock and successfully get on two [[Kayan]]s. They go after [[Khirhan]] into the [[Zhaso Desert]].
- A chase erupts in the desert. One guard is swallowed by a [[Sand Worm]]. The [[Party]] splits and so do the guards. One guard is tripped by [[Vince]] and gets eaten by a worm. One guard is slain by a firebolt cast by [[Finn]]. The [[Kayan]] is eaten by a worm. The last remaining soldier is taken out by a grapple by [[Khirhan]]. The last remaining [[Kayan]] is taken by [[Khirhan]] with the party.
- [[Finn]], disoriented, together with the excited [[Party]] continue in a NE direction and will not see the pyramid until night comes. They will arrive at the pointed end of the northern end of the [[Zhaso Desert]], being able to see the [[Euwetax Continent]] and [[Fadon]] with a good enough perception check.
- The [[Party]] levels up to #level4