#discord
#### Day 008
#day8
- The [[Party]] goes back towards [[The Peg Leg]] tavern and listens in on people along the way.
- [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] hear the terms 'pirates' and 'spider'.
- [[Finn]] talks to a bunch of people where he heard the term 'pirates'. 
- They are talking about some kind of raid, as usual.
- He asks them if they know where they can find pirates, as [[Finn]] wanted to become one since he was a child (#deception).
- He offers them a bottle of alcohol and one of them says they are turning in, leaves and hints at [[Finn]] to follow him.
- The two of them go into a dark alley. The guy asks [[Finn]] if he has a way of confirming that he won't endanger him or anyone he tells him about. In the end [[Finn]] undresses and the guy looks at his tattoos. He doesn't see a spider so he becomes cooperative.
- They talk about the pirates and he tells [[Finn]] that one way to find the pirates is to get a cheap ship and they will eventually find them. He mentions that there is also a mercenary band ([[Onyx Spider]]) who he is wary of. [[Finn]] gives him 2gp.
- They go to [[The Peg Leg]] . Inside [[Finn]] notices [[Seded]] on a table with some other people and waves at him. He gestures that they want a table and food / drinks.
- [[Seded]] signals the waiter to serve them.
- [[Brui]], a dwarven waiter comes and finds them a table. [[Finn]] orders biscuits and the most expensive alcohols. [[Vince]] orders a toast... [[Khirhan]] orders the cheapest alcohol. They pay [[Brui]] 150gp for all of that plus rooms.
- [[Vince]] plays the flute and tries to charm 3 people. He succeeds in charming one older lady. He later approaches her and manages to get some info out of her by paying her 1pp. The lady tells him to go to a certain place near a foundatin in [[Fadon]] at sundown the next day and say the phrase "The hawk will hunt them down."
- [[Finn]] scouts for interesting people but can't seem to find anything out of the ordinairy.
- Food and drinks arrive in a cart, covered in cloth. [[Khirhan]] is fast to go down due to the sheer purity of the alcohol he ordered (main goal was to get drunk).
- [[Khirhan]] goes to a person who looks weak and tries to set up a fight with [[Vince]]. The wuss starts to cry intimidated by his presence. [[Khirhan]] tries to provoke the wuss's friend and manages to do so but the friend does not manage to persuade the wuss to fight them. [[Khirhan]] pushes his friend off his chair after he tries to ask [[Khirhan]] to back off.
- This causes everyone to go quiet, [[Seded]] notices and approaches. He manages to get the drunk fallen guy up and tells [[Khirhan]] to not cause any trouble and go back to his friends.
- [[Finn]] speaks in [[Seded]]'s mind and tells him to join them. He gets a [[Ra]] to get the drunk (and now injured) guy home and joins the [[Party]].
- They talk about the church, mercenary gang and eventually [[Seded]] reveals that he is a member of the [[Onyx Spider]] not revealing the organization's name. The [[Party]] asks him to find some information about [[Khirhan]]'s mother and about the two talismans that [[Finn]] has ([[Aeris]] and [[Psionus]]).
- They also go out and [[Vince]] tries to punch [[Seded]] according to their agreement. [[Vince]] goes invisible while [[Seded]] goes into the dodge stance. [[Vince]] circles around him and goes for a hit, missing by meer centimeters.
- They end the night after that and go to sleep in their 2 rooms, [[Khirhan]] goes into the double-bed room and [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] share the single bed room.

#### Day 009
#day9
- They wake up and meet in the tavern.
- [[Finn]] goes to [[Khirhan]] and sees that he got the double bed room. [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] go down while [[Khirhan]] takes his time.
- [[Finn]] speaks to [[Khirhan]]'s mind that his room is going to explode and starts counting down from 10. On 3 [[Khirhan]] rushes down the stairs. [[Finn]] still does an explosion sound in [[Khirhan]]'s mind.
- They go out and do some shopping, [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] buy some clothes. [[Finn]] buys 3 diamonds for 175gp from a "jewish" guy. He mentions that they are around 55 gold. [[Vince]], before leaving comments "I know what you did" to the shopkeeper, confusing him a bit. [[Khirhan]] buys an emerald for 1000 gold from the same person.
- They meet [[Zimem]], a halfling member of the [[Onyx Spider]] who they ask for fight pits. He says he can organize something if they want to. [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] start a "fight". [[Zimem]] comments that they should maybe form a circus band instead of a fighting group. [[Finn]] threatens him and is quite intimidating. [[Zimem]] "sheesh"'s but tells them to be in front of [[The Peg Leg]] at sundown.
- They also buy rations for 30 days per person for 45gp.
- The [[Party]] splits, [[Vince]] goes to the meeting place he heard from the older woman while [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] go back towards the [[The Peg Leg]].
- [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] find [[Zimem]] with a half-elf colleague [[Fo]].
- [[Vince]] sees the person he wants to meet and greets him. The person says "Lots of spiders these days." [[Vince]] replies with "the hawk will hunt them down". The person takes a look at him and hints him to follow him. They go into the dark alley.