#### Day 057
#day57 
- [[Party 3]], after the battle, continue their journey to [[Aramore]].
- They camp the night.
- [[Norren]] is always first to watch.
	- [[Alatriyon]] is constantly reading his [[Glacies|The Mist]] book.
- [[Colm]] is next and has a talk with [[Alatriyon]]
	- He asks him about [[Valgrum]]
	- [[Alatriyon]] asks him about his purpose.
	- [[Colm]] asks him about his goals.
- [[Aeon]] stares in one spot.

#### Day 058
#day58 
- They continue down the path.
- [[Alatriyon]] has a talk with [[Norren]].
	- "You don't seem to be connected with any #eidolon s. Is that your choice, or?"
	- "That's a wise choice, you are better off thinking things through and then striking a deal, then striking a deal and then wanting to break from it."
- [[Alatriyon]] has a talk with [[Aeon]] and [[Colm]].
	- "Are you still bent on killing this one? (the one [[Colm]] restored)"
	- "What is your view on [[Valgrum]]?"
	- "How do you know the new ruler of [[Valgrum]] will make things better?"
	- "Are you ([[Colm]]) okay with this?"
- At night, [[Norren]] shows interest in [[Glacies|The Mist]] book and has a talk with [[Alatriyon]].
	- He manages to take a peak into it, initially finding it empty.
	- He doesn't manage to get a feel for the main context.

#### Day 059
#day59 
- The [[Ki-rin]] is following them this day.
- During the day, [[Khirhan]] causes enough destruction to trigger the next phase of [[The Red Comet]]'s arrival.
	- The sun is eclipsed and a red burst of energy is shown beneath it.
	- [[Khirhan]] ascends.
	- Later during the night, [[Aeon]] sees him flying towards [[Valgrum]] and notifies [[Finn]].
	- [[Alatriyon]] comments: "Another one, eh?"
	- [[Finn]], [[Ashk]] and [[Magala]] all see the ascension.
- The sun will no longer shed light on [[Places/Aetheria/Aetheria]], at least for a while.
- Later that night, [[Norren]] and [[Alatriyon]] decipher the first level of [[Glacies|The Mist]] book. [[Alatriyon]] is disappointed that it is just the location of the #eidolon . He gives [[Norren]] the book.
- [[Colm]] has a moment with the [[Ki-rin]].
	- The [[Ki-rin]] explains that he is safe for some time, as it will take some time for the army of the dead to attack again.
	- [[Colm]] does not use any of his power.
- [[Norren]] receives a message from [[Qia Huay]], who says that the [[Stygian Zinogre]] (wolf) came to life and they had to subdue it again, but it was easier than last time. Mentions the ascension, mentions [[The Firekeepers]].
- The night is brighter than the day, strong red light emanating from [[The Red Comet]].

#### Day 060
#day60 
- Mid day, they arrive at the gates of [[Aramore]].
- [[Alatriyon]] separates from them and says his goodbyes.
- [[Norren]] #scry s on [[Qia Huay]], she is in the halls of the [[Arcanists]] keep.
- [[Colm]] casts a few messages and receives some
	- [[Ashk]] asks him how he is doing, if they saw the ascension and if they can do something to help? He says it's probably a better thing that they decided not to go for the harder quest (sealing [[Khirhan]]).
		- [[Colm]] answers that it's not going that well.
	- [[Colm]] asks [[Qia Huay]] where they can meet.
		- [[Qia Huay]] answers that they can meet at [[The Wooden Duck]].
	- [[Colm]] asks [[Myuren Jyesnorae]] to meet them at [[The Wooden Duck]].
		- [[Myuren Jyesnorae]] answers with a simple "Okay".
- [[Party 3]] moves towards the tavern.