#day24 
- The party, after the shopping session meet up in front of the [[The Peg Leg]] and start moving towards the harbor.
- They talk about their next steps.
- [[Finn]] sinks the [[Sea Conch]] in the sea and it changes colors a bit, them becoming a bit more vibrant.
- [[Khirhan]] detects magic and discerns the evocation and divination schools from it.
- [[Finn]] starts attuning to it.
- They notice [[The Enterprise]] ship and go to talk to the ticketer, [[Validar]], in front of the ship.
- They ask him about the destinations the ship goes to. He says that they will go to [[Places/Aetheria/Arax Continent/Anburora Maton/Anburora Maton]], there is no other way on Valgrum, due to [[The Great Charybdis]] and that they only make trips around it. He also says that the cost is 30gp per person and that they have different establishments on the ship that they could use.
- They sit at the harbor and decide that [[Places/Aetheria/Arax Continent/Anburora Maton/Anburora Maton]] is probably the place to go. They could get birds, earn money and even start their own religion thing going.
- [[Finn]] sends a message to [[Calra Farchaser]] and asks her if she could take them to [[Places/Aetheria/Arax Continent/Anburora Maton/Anburora Maton]]. Later he sends a message again that they would like to meet in [[The Peg Leg]].
- [[Calra Farchaser]] and her ship are busy making repairs and restocking, as well as looking for new crewmembers after the many they lost during those few days of waiting for the [[Party]]. But she agrees to meet the [[Party]] later on.
- On the way back, [[Finn]] overhears a few people talking about something close to the #auction that [[Vince]] participated in. 
	- He stops them and asks them to tell him about their friend.
	- They are very sceptical and afraid and ask back "What's in it for you?" 
	- He says they have money that they can spend. He takes out a gold piece. 
	- They comment that they are two people. 
	- He takes out another. 
	- The guy tries to swiftly take them, but [[Finn]] does not allow it. 
	- They start thinking that they are in big trouble and say they know nothing and start moving away. 
	- [[Finn]] casts [[1 Pin Creature]] on one of them, who fails his saving throw and gets pinned. 
	- The other guy screams HELP and the pinned guy screams in pain. 
	- Shortly after [[Fo]] and later [[Ef]] arrive. [[Fo]] assesses the situation and calls for the person to come to him. [[Vince]], to deescalate the situation, casts command on him to relax, which he already is, but he knows what happened and notes the spellcasting that took place.
	- [[Finn]] tries to provoke a fight, but [[Fo]] realizes that this would not be a good idea.
	- They part ways and [[Fo]] talks to the person about the auction and what happened.
- Inside of [[The Peg Leg]] they wait for [[Calra Farchaser]].
- They talk and it turns out she is not morally aligned with them, as they say some alarming things and somewhat even disregard the safety of her and her crew. 
	- In the end, she says that they could make a business deal, but that would be that. 
	- She does not join their cause.
	- [[Finn]] offers her 5gps as recompense.
	- She takes only 1gp, so that she doesn't offend him.
- They find [[Seded]] in the inn.
	- He is joined by [[Ra]].
	- They politely ask to join them.
	- [[Seded]] gestures for them to join.
	- They have a talk. [[Seded]] is amazed at the story of the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]].
	- He also shares that has severe sea sickness and that he is fine not traveling.
	- He mentions that their organization prefers fists instead of magic, so they cannot join them.
	- The [[Party]] asks him for some open jobs.
	- They also ask him about their cause, to which he answers firmly that if it doesn't concern [[Fadon]], it's not their business and that if the time comes to choose, they will do so with their own intel, not taking the word of 3 (technically 2) random people they just met.
- The [[Party]], not having persuaded anyone to their cause the day, retreat to their rooms.
- In his room, [[Finn]] takes the medalion out.
	- [[Finn]] accepts [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]'s proposal and joins their cause.
	- [[Psionus]] mentions his #artifact.
	- [[Psionus Medallion]] gains a new ability.