#### Day 043
#day43 

- [[Conor]], in shock, goes down and meets with the others and shares the grim news.
- They start plotting about how they are going to take down the [[Arcanists]] and the first thing on the agenda is finding out who delivered the package.
- They go to the moonstone castle in the [[Anburora Maton#White Area]] and ask for a divination spell. One is provided for 40gp, but not before [[Conor]] storms back towards the inn.
	- [[Finn]] asks about divination scrolls and the clerk tells him it would cost him around 10k GPs. He thanks him and says they will think about it.
	- The result of the divination is that the package was delivered by the local courier service (post office). The package was sent from [[Lindow]].
- [[Conor]] goes back to the inn and asks the bartender female dragonborn and together with the innkeeper he gets the same inofrmation that the package was delivered by a boy from the local courier service.
- Then they start searching for items to help them with... They want to not be scried on. For some reason...
- They go to a store and talk to the shady shopkeeper behind dark curtains. He offers them 3 talismans for 33k GPs. He also has cheaper ones, but they say the [[Party 2]] won't regret getting the more expensive ones. 
- They offer a service for a bit of a discount and he suggests them to assist [[Xamuth Zorill]], the #highMage of the [[Anburora Maton#Black Area]].
- They make their way to [[Xamuth Zorill]] and are lead by a black dragonborn to [[Xamuth Zorill]] and after a brief introduction and briefing, they accept the [[Wisira Catacombs 5]] quest.
	- They receive a black teleportation stone and a magical piece of paper that basically takes a photo.
	- Their objective is to push through the dungeon and take a photo of the stone tablet at the far end.
- [[Wisira]]
	- They are teleported quite close to the entrance.
	- [[Colm]] tries to see it but cannot.
	- They remember that they can use the #visitCard to navigate and start walking.
	- They notice and encounter a #nightveilSpecter and a #gloomstalker. Luckily they neutralize them fast - the #gloomstalker escapes.
	- They arrive at the dungeon
		- Trophy room
			- [[Conor]] is affected by illusory magic and sees [[Anie]]'s head on one of the pedestals.
			- [[Colm]] and [[Finn]] manage to save.
			- [[Finn]] touches one of the heads and suffers necrotic damage.
			- [[Colm]] talks to [[Conor]] and he shakes the illusion off. 
			- [[Conor]] slices the head of the child in half and the whole party suffers necrotic damage.
			- [[Finn]] before leaving notices similar markings on the walls and pedestals, as well as on the foreheads of the heads.
		- Closet
			- [[Colm]] tries to open the door with #thaumaturgy .
			- [[Finn]] tries to open the door with the #mageHand
			- [[Finn]] phases in and sees 3 things
				- Clothes
				- Bones
				- A pyramid
		- Meditation room
			- [[Colm]] tries to brighten the flame with #thaumaturgy
			- [[Colm]] tries to dispell the bones.
			- [[Finn]] uses a charge from the wand of magic detection.
			- A battle begins and the lesser #skeleton s get demolished by [[Colm]]'s #destroyUndead
			- The #minotaurSkeleton is frightened for a short while and demolished quicker than he is able to escape.
		- Chapel
			- They see the fountain and [[Finn]] analyzes it with the #detectMagic still active.
			- He sees that the black goo originates from a point behind the throat of the "fiend".
		- Stone Tablet Room
			- [[Finn]] casts invisibility and sneaks past the #giantSkeleton
			- [[Colm]] shoots #guidingBolts from afar and [[Conor]] waits for the giant skeleton to approach.
			- [[Finn]] scans the tablet and they destroy the #giantSkeleton 
			- They move into the corridor and activate the black stone.
- Back in [[Anburora Maton]], [[The Firekeepers]] wait for them in [[Xamuth Zorill]]'s office.