#### Day 028
#day28 
- The [[Party]] goes to the bath after having their breakfast.
- [[Khirhan]] and [[Vince]] goof around in the stone bath while [[Finn]] goes to [[Izig Dhanan]] who tells him about the goodness of the bath and steam.

#### Day 029
#day29 
- [[Finn]] starts getting symptoms.
- He looks into the mirror of the past and sees himself in the past few days.

#### Day 030
#day30
- [[Finn]] spends the day drinking (30gp worth).
- [[Khirhan]] passes out in 2-3 hours.
- [[Finn]] tempts the bartender of [[The Enterprise]] to drink a sip of the #residual for 10gp.
- The bartender is persuaded and drinks a sip which starts to burn his insides.
- [[Vince]] heals the bartender and he luckily survives, washing and rinsing his mouth relentlessly.
- [[Finn]] pays him 45 gp (30 for the drinks and 15 for the wager).
- Later that night, he cuts a small hole in his stomach where the pain is coming from, with his shortsword.
- He puts his fingers in some #residual and despite common sense, he sticks then in the open wound in his body.
- The pain is unbearable and he screams.
- [[Vince]], tired, tells him to shut up.
- Between the pain, [[Finn]] feels on his fingers a small needle poking sensation. This is the parasite which drinks the #residual, involuntarily, trying to consume anything that it comes into contact with.

#### Day 031
#day31
- [[Finn]] drinks 5 days worth of #residual
- Snow globes were bought by [[Finn]] for all.

#### Day 032
#day32 
- [[Khirhan]] asks [[Izig Dhanan]] about [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]], who explains that he could not be a part of the balance and in the first [[Pandemonium]] war, was cast out so that balance can be achieved.
- They arrive at [[Anburora Maton]] in the White Area.
- They are handed a #visitCard each by a female white dragonborn, who notices that they are adventurers. She gives them some basic instructions.
- [[Khirhan]] touches the blue area and finds out a bit more about it.
- They later on receive an invitation to the Moonstone Castle, namely the #highMage [[Uthio Rissu]].
- They accept and head there immediately.
- After a small wait, they are taken by [[Yommac Rissu]] to and have a talk with [[Uthio Rissu]] who asks them about their connections with #eidolon s, their goals etc.
- [[Uthio Rissu]] directs [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] to talk to him, [[Vince]] about the #eidolon s and [[Finn]] about the history of [[Valgrum]].
- He suggests they all talk to [[Ashk]] later on.
- [[Uthio Rissu]]'s judgement
	- [[Vince]] is not that smart but is ultimately a chaotic good soul.
	- [[Finn]] is very reserved and since he has ties with [[Psionus|The Dreamer]], he probably knows something and is hiding it from the rest.
	- [[Khirhan]] is not sure about himself, he wants to fix [[Aeris|The Mother]]'s emblem, but also harbors a connection with [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]]. Doesn't look too smart, but could be good?
- They go to the white area inn and spend 2gp for a 3-bed room, eating stew from the cauldron as dinner.