#### Day 052
#day52 
- [[Party 2]] continues to keep watch, first [[Colm]], then [[Conor]].
- [[Colm]] generates 95% of energy for what he wants to achieve.

#### Day053
#day53 
- They make their way to [[Lindow]] and arrive near sunset.
- [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] wait while [[Finn]] and [[Norren]] go in under the guise of invisibility.
- The two arrive near the tavern and [[Norren]] gets the report from his familiar hawk that two suspicious figures have entered the tavern and never left.
- They find the backdoor and [[Finn]] enters and explores the storage room and kitchen.
- He has a talk with [[Mileena]]'s grandma and she redirects him to her.
- He finds [[Mileena]] serving drinks and contacts her telepathically.
- She refuses to give him the pouch and insists that she meets [[Norren]] first.
- They go to the back of the tavern and spook her by suddenly appearing out of invisibility.
- She fetches and gives [[Norren]], the pouch, being a [[Bag of Coins]], it truly contains 10k pp.
- [[Bal Chuvorsk]] and his assistant [[Kibo]] clock this strange behavior and go to the western entrance of the city to wait for them to pass.
- They do not see them, as they invis again and make their way towards [[Conor]] and [[Colm]].
- [[Colm]] brings the news of [[Conor]]'s altered memory to him. [[Conor]], contrary to any reasonable thinking, does not hesitate and [[Colm]] casts #greaterRestoration on him, removing the effect of the #modifyMemory spell. The fog is lifted from [[Conor]]'s mind, but nothing is revealed immediately.
- After the party is reunited, they spend a solid amount of time counting half the coins and placing them in the other [[Bag of Holding]] that [[Finn]] is carrying. While watching guard...
- They decide to walk around [[Lindow]]'s right side forest. [[Bal Chuvorsk]] clocks them and moves ahead, preparing to meet them.
- They spot [[Kibo]] as he is doing a bad job being stealthy.
- Eventually they clash with [[Bal Chuvorsk]], who surprises them from behind a tree.
- He is not happy and anger is starting to build within him as [[Conor]] is losing his mind from the memories fighting inside of him. He first tries to be nice with [[Bal Chuvorsk]], but he quickly shuts him down. He cuts in multiple times while [[Bal Chuvorsk]] is speaking and he pushes the button on his #ersatzWeapon , dealing massive damage and knocking [[Finn]] unconscious.
- Results from battle with [[Bal Chuvorsk]].
	- First damage - 10, 11, 9, 2, 5, 8, 10, 11, 6, 12 - 84
	- Initiative
		- Norren	30
		- Conor	12
		- Finn	11
		- Ranger	7
		- Bal		4
		- Colm	2
- During the battle, [[Finn]] fails all his death saving throws and [[Psionus|The Dreamer]], worried, tells him that the ony way he can live is to let it take over, which he does. A column of space warping transparency errupts from him and he becomes [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]'s champion.
	- He goes to cast a 5th level spell, but ends up casting a 9th level one, #psychicScream.
	- He makes a step and finds himself in [[Valgrum]], something beckoning him towards the middle of the city.
	- As his last act, he revitalizes [[Colm]] with a healing potion and leaves the bag of holding to the party.
- [[Bal Chuvorsk]] mentions multiple things to [[Conor]] which stir his memory, but he only withdraws in himself and is feeling a great unexplainable sadness.
- When the battle concludes, [[Colm]] stabilizes [[Conor]] and on [[Bal Chuvorsk]]'s insistence, he picks up [[Conor]] and they move towards the tavern, to talk, which was his initial intention.