#discord
#### Day 010
#day10
- [[Vince]] reads more from [[Necron|The Reaper]] book. The rest go to sleep.
- [[Khirhan]] talks to [[Grath Lionclaw]] who is polishing the cannons and learns how to operate them.
- [[Finn]] tries to read [[Aeris|The Mother]], gets bored quickly and goes out. He talks to [[Uiw Yua]] who is at the ship wheel. He gives her a bottle of alcohol. He also mentions that she and [[Khirhan]] would be a great match. [[Finn]] mentions that he is not bad himself, so if she is up to anything. He stays at the tip of the ship and drinks and takes drugs.
#### Day 011
#day11
- Morning comes and the party goes out of their cabin. The weather outside is foggy and everyone is on their toes.
- Soon after, they hear a whistle. [[Calra Farchaser]] warns them to go inside. 
- A battle follows with 10 [[The Wretched]] creatures. One of the crew members falls, taken down by the beings.
- After a moment of silence. One [[The Lost]] appears and the fight continues. [[Khirhan]] is nearly taken down but his orcish endurance keeps him up. [[Vince]] casts #phantasmalForce and makes the creature envision a copy of itself that attacks it. Due to their pack tactics, it perceived the creature as if going towards [[Khirhan]] and it suffered colateral damage.
- They eventually take it down, [[Finn]] takes it down with a natural 20 and a #chromaticOrb.
- [[Finn]] reads through [[Aeris|The Mother]].
- [[Vince]] attunes to the [[Mirror of Scrying]] and scries on [[Fi'el Eladrin]]. He is in a comfy chair, with comfy silky clothes, drinking hot tea and reading a book.
- [[Khirhan]] rests after the tough battle.
- [[Calra Farchaser]] throws the dead crew member into the sea. [[Vince]] objects, but the captain scolds him for wanting to desecrate the dead. She also mocks him a bit about the fight.
- [[Finn]] casts #sending to [[Esma]]. He manages to establish a connection and informs her that they are searching for her with [[Khirhan]], her son. She tells them that **they** are on the island of [[Isan Continent]]. She also tells him she is fine. [[Finn]] relays this info to [[Khirhan]].
- [[Calra Farchaser]] tells [[Finn]] in a conversation that they are headed towards an island called [[Euwetax Continent]]. He leaves a bottle of alcohol with her for the info. They also have a friendly quarel about the fight.