#### Day 034
#day34 
- After the event at the cave, [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] teleport back to [[Anburora Maton]].
- [[Khirhan]], or what's left of him stays in the cave.
- [[Finn]] immediately sends a message to [[Uthio Rissu]] who tells him to find guards as it is the fastest way to the Moonstone Castle.
- [[Finn]] locates two guards and their Dragonnel and they help him carry [[Vince]] to the castle.
- [[Yommac Rissu]], whose name they still don't know guides them to a room with a single table in the middle where they lay [[Vince]] down.
- The guards leave and a cleric, devoted to [[Aeris|The Mother]], named [[Nyurnec Zenfyire]] enters the room.
- [[Yommac Rissu]] asks [[Finn]] some questions about [[Vince]]
	- Is he connected to an Eidolon?
	- What was his purpose / goal in this world?
- Unfortunately, having no ties, [[Vince]]'s soul does not respond and the crushed 500gp diamond goes to waste.
- [[Finn]] pays 750gp and leaves with [[Vince]]'s belongings.
- He claims the reward of 5k gp for the quest that the first [[Party]] did.
- He sends three #sending spells to [[Khirhan]] but is met with laughter and not [[Khirhan]] as much as [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]].

#### Day 035
#day35 
- Pondering in his room until noon, [[Finn]] hears knocks on his door.
- Carefully opening it, he sees [[Colm]] who says he wants to join him.
- [[Colm]] agrees to wait downstairs and [[Finn]] has a short talk with [[Psionus]] gauging the situation.
- They meet downstairs and [[Colm]] orders tea with a bit of alcohol for both of them.
- [[Finn]] goes out and invites [[Colm]] to follow him.
- [[Colm]] goes to a barber and gets his beard clean shaved.
- He goes to a magic shop, ran by a hobgoblin named [[Razok (Magic Items and Enchantments)]] and asks him to repair the [[Mirror of Scrying]].
- He tells him to come back in around 3 hours.
- [[Finn]] and [[Colm]] go to the moonstone castle.
- [[Finn]] uses the [[Book of Speak With Dead]] on [[Vince]] and asks him
	- Ideas on finding [[Khirhan]].
	- How would he want to be burried.
	- Any final wishes? (Help the minotaur)
- [[Colm]] casts #gentleRepose on [[Vince]].
- He asks [[Uthio Rissu]] about [[Vince]]'s cremation.
- [[Colm]] gets a message on the #visitCard to visit [[Uthio Rissu]].
- [[Finn]] "leaves", staying invisible and hidden near the door.
- [[Colm]] tells [[Uthio Rissu]] that he is tied to [[Sanctus]] and that he is searching for his purpose and [[Uthio Rissu]] just smiles mildly, being pleasantly surprised to see someone tied to him.
- They go back to [[Razok (Magic Items and Enchantments)]] and they agree on a 1450gp price for repairing the [[Mirror of Scrying]].
- [[Finn]] scries on [[Khirhan]] only to see him still covered in dark fog and walking with purpose.
- [[Colm]] spends his evening meditating. (1)

#### Day 036
#day36 
- [[Finn]] drinks 10 days worth of #residual 
- [[Finn]] visits an alchemy shop ran by a black female tabaxi named [[Coaly Flower (alchemy)]]. He orders #residual 
- [[Colm]] and him go to the moonstone castle and he has a talk with [[Uthio Rissu]] about the #eidolon s.
- Outside, they talk about taking a quest. This is overheard by [[Conor]] who approaches them.
- [[Finn]] goes to buy some potions from [[Coaly Flower (alchemy)]] and [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] go to the inn.
- [[Finn]] buys 2 minor and 2 greater healing potions for 300 gp.
- [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] talk about [[Anburora Maton]] and [[Colm]] serves his own hand-made tea.
- They group up in their room, paying for 10 days worth of rooms.
- They teleport to a forest, hunting #manticore s
- They are attacked by 2 members of the [[Arcanists]], a male rogue and a female ranger.
- They find themselves in a bubble of silence.
- The rogue escapes unscathed and the ranger is defeated, spared and captured. 
- [[Finn]] almost dies, but is saved by [[Colm]].
- They find the #manticore s torn apart and traces of black smoke left in someone's wake.
- The ranger, tied down to a tree and unconscious, she teleports back to [[Anburora Maton]] with the rest of the party.
- The [[Party 2]] wakes her up and she asks [[Conor]] to tell her something interesting.
- He does not, so she, disappointed, unhinges something from her teeth and bites it, teleporting herself out of [[Anburora Maton]].
- The [[Party 2]] start performing their evening rituals.
	- [[Colm]] meditates (2).
	- [[Conor]] cleans his halberd and chills.
	- [[Finn]] goes out.
- They all witness the second event of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]]'s coming.
- One meteor is about to hit [[Anburora Maton]] but a force field repels it.
- [[Finn]] talks to [[Psionus]] about the new party, about the coming of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]], the war between the #eidolon s, [[Aberrant Materials]]...
- [[Finn]], having taken the armor of the [[Arcanists]] ranger. takes it for tailoring to a local smith for 100gp.