> There were two dragons... Fighting! I've never seen anything like that in my life and I sure wish I never do, no matter how majestic it was. At least not close to this town. The sheer power...
>
		*- Person from [[Lindow]], after the [[Khirhan vs Alatriyon]] battle*

Originally and before the first dragonborn, somewhere in the middle of the PH era, during [[The Dragon War]], only dragons could become champions of the #eidolon, as their energy output was enormously larger than that of humans.

This rule changed significantly after [[The Founding Dragons]] established [[The 6 Dragon Families]] lineages. With the best of both races, the dragonborn were the first humans to become champions. As the dragonborn were humanity's fighting chance and the chaos and destruction that [[The Dragon Faction]] caused, at present, pure humans can rarely be seen and all carry some dragonborn heritage, although quite diluted to the degree of not being recognizable.

This dormant dragonborn blood in most humans is what allows them to nurture a relationship with the #eidolon  they align the most with, eventually, proving themselves with deeds, power and will, and if the seat is not yet taken, ascending to [[Champions]] status.

It is at this point, with the direct help of the #eidolon  in question, that the dormant blood awakens and mutates the body of the new champion into a new form, one suited to the blood's origin and the element of the chosen #eidolon . This is the reason [[Khirhan]] assumed a draconic form after his ascension. This is also the reason why [[Magala]] and  [[Namielle]] are also dragonborn. This however, does not apply to [[Ashk]] as he is already a dragonborn and is also carrying the essence of one of the progenitors of [[The 6 Dragon Families]]. This also does not apply to [[Finn]], as [[Psionus|The Dreamer]] is an exception to all rules, first by being the first pure human ascending to #eidolon  status and second by their champions not needing to be dragons in the first place in order to ascend. There are also the implications of the nature of [[Finn's Ascension]].

Apart from their human bodies being transformed, after some time of getting accustomed to it, the champions can, and do unlock a new form. Once the dormant blood fully awakens, they can assume an even more powerful form, the one of a dragon. This devolution is by no means pure, but it can easily rival and even beat a dragon champion from the PH era.