#### Day 039
#day39 
- [[Conor]] asks the waitress at the [[Anburora Maton#White Area]] inn for something he can help with.
	- She writes a quest in his #visitCard.
	- He is supposed to carry some supplies to the inn.
	- He insists on doing it for free and does it in one go.
	- She says thanks by giving him some hand-made tea.
- They decide on a quest and go investigating a mountain-crashed meteor.
- [[Conor]] buys a few vials for containing vapors.
- They investigate around the single [[Shards of the Exhiled]] in the mountains in [[Arax Continent]].
	- [[Conor]] touches the stone and a surge of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]]'s thoughts run through him (anger, rage, violence, domination, power).
	- [[Finn]] stores dark vapors in a flask they purchased.
	- [[Finn]] casts #detectMagic and [[Conor]] casts #dispelMagic which is negated by the stone.
	- [[Finn]] throws a bit of [[Khirhan]]'s blood on the shard and it solidifies as a part of it.
		- Water and #residual do nothing.
	- [[Conor]] decides to hit the rock with [[Colm]]'s hammer and identifies a weak spot.
		- Time slows down as the hammer approaches the shard.
		- [[Aeris|The Mother]] offers support and [[Conor]] accepts.
		- The hammer blossoms with crystals and becomes jet powered by hexagon runes.
		- A deafening and blinding explosion occurs as the shard is broken in two.
	- [[Finn]] notices with another #detectMagic spell that the stone's magic is waining.
	- They decide to wait for the day and night to see where this goes.
	- [[Finn]] does not notice anything on his shift.
	- [[Conor]] luckily notices a red comet approaching...
	- The others awaken and take cover as [[Khirhan]] lands near the stone, dark smoke bursting from the place of landing.
	- [[Khirhan]] cuts his hand and blood pours on the shard, repairing it.
	- A battle ensues and [[Conor]] is downed, but manages to protect the party and follow his ideals. With insane rolls, they manage to survive the encounter.
		- [[Conor]] answers with "to save him" to the halberd and gains advantage against him.
	- [[Finn]] manages to eventually reach him for a second, which actually stops him from using a legendary action and break [[Colm]]'s concentration of using the teleportation rock to [[Anburora Maton]].
	- [[Khirhan]] screams as more of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]]'s energy pours into him and the [[Party 2]] teleports back.
- [[Finn]] goes to [[Uthio Rissu]] and gives him the bottle of [[Khirhan]]'s blood and the bottled vapors.
- [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] have a bonding moment in the inn. They later go to [[Uthio Rissu]].
- The party meats and [[Finn]] says they will talk in the morning.
- [[Conor]] and [[Colm]] arrive at [[Uthio Rissu]]'s and explain what happened. [[Uthio Rissu]] tells [[Conor]] to come tomorrow and that they have a lot to talk about. [[Uthio Rissu]] is very sleepy.
- [[Colm]] discovers that their reward for the two quests is 25k gp.
- [[Finn]] tries to drink himself to oblivion and eventually falls to sleep.
- [[Conor]] meditates in front of the halberd and dozes off.
- [[Colm]] meditates and manages to progress his perception of the grid, speaking with [[Aeris|The Mother]] and finding out more [[Sanctus|The Holy]]'s state.