#### Day 022
#day22 
- [[Calra Farchaser]], having dropped her crossbow, witnessing what happened on the deck of the ship and [[Khirhan]]'s display of power and brutality, is shocked and stunned. She slowly picks up the crossbow and tells the party that she needs a minute.
- [[Khirhan]] starts cleaning the axe and notices the welded and nearly burnt parts. The [[Enhanced Lakh'ota Battleaxe]] can no longer be turned back into a battleaxe. He also notices the sigil of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] on the axe, above the mother's symbol.
- [[Vince]] goes to the under-deck and talks to the sailors and tells them that the deck requires a lot of cleaning. Two of the younger ones go and they soon hear them throw up due to the blood, guts and fish parts on the upside. He also asks them how long till [[Fadon]] to which they say half a day.
- [[Finn]] asks [[Khirhan]] if he's okay.
- [[Finn]] finds the [[Sea Conch]].
- The deck is eventually cleaned.
- [[Finn]] goes to the captain and they have a small talk. He leaves one bottle with her and she immediately chugs it.
- During the night, [[Khirhan]] is distracted with what just happened. [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] talk about plans to take down the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)|church]]. [[Finn]] casts #sending and asks [[Sebastiano]] how he would like to die to which he does not receive a response. This is the third and final strike of the [[Party]].
- [[Finn]] also asks [[Vince]] about necrophilia for some reason... As [[Vince]] has said that he likes doing it with inanimate objects.
- [[Khirhan]] stares into the axe and gets a vignette view of the axe spreading the black fog, red lightning sparking from it. The occasional involvment in the conversation breaking his focused vision.
- After [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] go to sleep. [[Finn]] talks to [[Psionus]]. [[Finn]]'s world crumbles as [[Psionus]] explains his past actions (letting them go in the pyramid, giving them money) and gives [[Finn]] an ultimatum masked as a choice. He either stops thinking against the church and join his plans, or... not... [[Finn]] shows a bit of good will and [[Psionus]] delays the plans for the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)|church]] to send a hunting party for a few days.

#### Day 23
- The [[Party]] arrives at [[Fadon]] after a calm day.
- [[Finn]] pays 45gp to [[Calra Farchaser]] for the journey.
- [[Finn]] telepathically says bye to [[Uiw Yua]]  and tells her to choose them.
- They find the city quieter than they left it. People are sick-ish and there aren't many of them on the streets.
- [[Vince]] talks to a person and the person, coughing, answers that there is a strange sickness spreading. Nothing too serious, but many people are feeling down. They do notice that they have some purplish, somewhat shiny, dots on their body.
- They ask if some storm passed through, but the person is not aware of such a thing.
- They go to [[The Peg Leg]] and for the first time, catch a glimpse of [[Zhevran Yua]] who they try talking to, but his stern and serious personality turns them away. So naturally, they want to kill him -_-
- [[Brui]] meets them and immediately comments on them looking and smelling like shit and gives them keys so that they can fix themselves up with a bath.
- [[Finn]] orders pizza, literal chicken fingers and alcohol for group. [[Brui]] eventually brings them the order and tells them not to bother [[Zhevran Yua]] too much. 
- [[Finn]] asks for [[Brui]] to come to their table for a second and later when he does, asks him about the disease.
- The night, [[Khirhan]] focuses on the axe. The same illusion of the fog and red lightning appears.
	- "Are you ashamed? Do you regret? What's wrong with power?"
	- He drops the axe and the illusion ends.
	- He decides to take a piece of cloth or bandage to wrap around the head of the axe to hide the symbol of [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]].
	- He fails a wisdom save and suddenly, maybe bandaging the sigil is not the best idea? What's wrong with power? He can control it. Surely...
- The same night, [[Vince]] picks up the book of [[Necron|The Reaper]].
	- Nearly 3/4 in the book, he notices a black slit on the right page. 
	- The text is not changed, and he tries to wipe the seam. His finger catches on it and it opens up a bit.
	- Black ooze starts dripping from it, covering his fingers and dripping over the page.
	- He grabs the opening with his hand and pulls. The black liquid begins pouring out.
	- Inside the opening, he sees an undulating floor of black ichor.
	- "Ah you finally apear. The one who showed interest. Bring me more exquisite souls."
	- The opening violently closes and [[Vince]] pulls his hand out, covered in black goo.
	- He tries washing it but after washing, the hand is still a bit darker. He senses new power from it, gaining the ability to cast #falseLife and #inflictWounds.
	- They miss [[Namielle]] who made her way to [[Places/Aetheria/Adastreia]] during the night.

#### Day 24
#day24
- Shopping day
- [[Vince]] buys a formal suit, shirt, tie, white gloves and a cane.
- [[Finn]] buys some clothes, and orders a mask and a hidden blade type device for the horn of the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]].
- They buy [[Khirhan]] a new pair of boots and [[Finn]] apologizes in a way for his actions.