#### Day 040
#day40 
- [[Khirhan]] scores one crit.
- [[Conor]] shares his story, persuaded by yesterday's success of surviving [[Khirhan]].
- He describes the [[Arcanists]] to the [[Party 2]].
- [[Colm]] goes and buys smithing supplies worth 7gp. He also finds a 'rent a forge'.
- [[Finn]] gives the [[Mirror of Scrying]] to [[Conor]], who attunes to it and scries on [[Anie]].
	- She fails the save and he sees her.
	- He rolls 20+ on perception and notices the wounds on her hand.
- [[Conor]] goes and buys a #crystalite plate armor for 1000gp.
- [[Finn]] receives a message from [[Uthio Rissu]] about [[Vince]]'s funeral and later that day visits and sets fire to him, taking a bit of the ash with him.

#### Day 041
#day41
- [[Colm]] and [[Conor]] go to the forge and spend the day forging plates for [[Conor]]'s torn plate armor.
	- [[Colm]] does most of the smithing and does it perfectly with a (29), receiving essence from [[Sanctus|The Holy]] as he does it.
	- In the end, he stamps a mark of [[Aeris|The Mother]] offered by herself, on the armor.
- [[Finn]] searches for a tattoo artist for enchanted tattoos and fines one. He needs to gather 5000 gp worth of amethyst for a special tattoo.
	- He goes to the [[Anburora Maton#Black Area]] and for the first time sees the teleportation gates.
	- He manages to gather 1000 gp worth of amethyst over the day.
- [[Finn]] talks to [[Psionus|The Dreamer]] and asks about his mother.
	- They tell him to ask again in some time.
- #savePointFight between [[Colm]] and [[Conor]], [[Colm]] wins.