#discord

#### Day 3
#day3
- The [[Party]] wakes up to a dark sky and light rain. They tread the muddy path as the rain grows stronger. 
- After a while, they once again experience the [[Crystal Tears]] rain.
	- They try to catch some in a bottle.
	- [[Khirhan]] takes his axe out and the crystals stick on it a little before disappearing. This is due to the tie of the [[Lakh'ota Battleaxe]] with [[Aeris]], whose tears are falling.
	- [[Finn]] inspects the axe but does not manage to find anything significant.
- The sky clears near the end of the day and they go into the forest in order to camp the night.
- [[Finn]]'s and [[Khirhan]]'s watch go without any trouble.
- [[Vince]]'s watch is interrupted by him sensing [[Redo]].
- The [[Party]], using hold person, brute force and ropes, manage to catch [[Redo]] and they try to interrogate him. His dedication to the cause nets them no response and only disdain. [[Redo]] is ready to die by their hand, but they don't cause him any harm. [[Finn]] and [[Khirhan]] go back to sleep. [[Redo]] persuades [[Vince]] to have the talk and for him to free him and return his belongings. [[Vince]] notices the quality of the crooked daggers [[Redo]] had.
- [[Vince]] notices and recognizes some of the elvish words written on [[Redo]]'s clothes. The words he recognizes are 'shadow', 'embrace', 'diversity'.

#### Day 4
#day4
- The [[Party]] wakes up and they continue on their journey.
- They have a talk about [[Redo]], whose name they still do not know, and what he said about them acting against the church. They decide to contact him the next night.
- They continue along the road to [[Orkham]] and on their way they catch a glimpse of a group of 3 [[Church of the Eternal - Soldier]]'s. 
- They meet and [[Vince]] greets them. The soldiers inquire about the [[Kayan]] they are carrying. [[Finn]] shows the fake papers and one soldier3 tries to take them. [[Finn]] reacts by saying 'Your filthy hands should not touch this.' The soldiers get mad at the non-humans and tell them to not cause a ruckus. [[Vince]] tries to go around the soldiers and is warned by Soldier 1 to back off. A fight errupts.
- Soldier 1 and 3 are affected by dissonant whispers and run back. [[Rhusham Zeihlu|Soldier 2]] engages in combat with [[Khirhan]]. Soldier 1 and 3 run back to support each other. [[Khirhan]] rages and vegetation grows around him, preventing the soldiers to run away. Eventually, Soldier 3's hand is cut off by [[Khirhan]] and he starts bleeding out on the ground. [[Vince]] tries to save his life but is not very successful in the attempt. Soldier 1 is left on 1 hp with a very hard hit by [[Khirhan]] with the back of his [[Lakh'ota Battleaxe]]. He starts running away as [[Rhusham Zeihlu|Soldier 2]] gives up and starts running as well. He is met by a thrown [[Khirhan]]'s battleaxe and it splits his head and upper torso.
- In the aftermath, [[Khirhan Junior]] eats most of Soldier 1's corpse. An attempt is made to save Soldier 3, but again it is not enough and he eventually dies staring at the sky. [[Khirhan Junior]] eventually atetmpts to peck at Soldier 3 as well. [[Finn]] burns all the corpses and [[Khirhan]] throws all but [[Rhusham Zeihlu|Soldier 2]]'s plate armors into the forest.
- [[Finn]] finds a few gold coins and [[Message from Orkham to the Crossroads Camp]] on [[Rhusham Zeihlu|Soldier 2]]. After an awkward persuasion, they tell him to go to [[Valgrum]], specifically [[The Red Lotus]] and give them a note. [[Vince]] uses minor illusion to deceive the Soldier that the note is linked with him and that if he goes to the [[Crossroads Camp]], he will instantly die. He must avoid it. [[Finn]] gives him 10gp and tells him to drink himself dumb in order to forget what happened.
- They continue towards [[Orkham]] and as the sun starts setting down, the session ends.
- [[Vince]] rolls a 12 on the random encounter table, which is 'Hidden treasure'.