#live

#day2
- Clear day and lots of distance. On sunset they come to the [[Crossroads Camp]].
- They think of a ruse to infiltrate the camp and find out more about how to get to [[Places/Aetheria/Valgrum Continent/Orkham/Orkham]]
- They trick a guard, named [[Zahlem Dakan]] to schedule a performance for the evening and in return get some food and a place to sleep.
- [[Zahlem Dakan]] asks them for papers for the [[Kayan]]. [[Finn]] creates papers with minor illusion and tricks him into believing they do indeed have papers.
- The guard talks to [[Lorenzo]] who approves their stay and performance to boost soldier morale.
- The soldiers have a bit of trouble setting up their tent, but with [[Khirhan]]'s assistance, they manage to do it much quicker.
- They play around with the guard keeping watch, named [[Akhim Hahle]]. [[Finn]] went around the tent and got in by crawling, confusing him. [[Khirhan]] went out and convinced him that he will go and help.
- [[Khirhan]] is caught by a guard named [[Dankark Horsefang]]. The soldier reports his worries to [[Lorenzo]].
- Later at night, the party performs a thrilling play. [[Vince]] tries to charm [[Lorenzo]] and 3 guards around him, but manages to charm only one guard.
- [[Khirhan Junior]] almost runs away but [[Finn]] holds on to it. This is when [[Finn]] finds out about the [[Kayan]]'s top speed. They still do not know how the bird is called.
- The soldiers enjoy the play a lot and they and the [[Party]] start drinking and partying.
- [[Khirhan]] and [[Finn]] bet with the guards and the barbarian goes into a rock-throwing contest with a soldier named [[Tacrid Honorforest]]. The soldier injures his back and they win a lot of gold.
- [[Finn]] talks to a guard trying to extract some information, but without much success.
- Seeing [[Lorenzo]] walk towards his tent in the middle of the camp, the party follows.
	- [[Khirhan]] tries to knock one of the guards by falling onto him pretending to be drunk. The guard named [[Asor Gliz]] holds his ground and lets [[Khirhan]] fall to the ground alone.
	- The other guard with [[Lorenzo]], named [[Nol Vedrorsk]] is the one charmed by [[Vince]]. He tries to soften up the others, but gets scolded by [[Lorenzo]] and [[Asor Gliz]]. He hides his excitement the best he can.
	- [[Lorenzo]] tells the party that they will be called later during the night for what was promised to them.
- [[Finn]] shares tales of [[Aska Sharian]] to the soldiers.
- [[Khirhan]] has a "talk" with [[Khirhan Junior]].
- [[Asor Gliz]] is sent to fetch them and bring them to the central tent.
- [[Khirhan]] misunderstands and goes to the [[Party]]'s tent but is warned by [[Asor Gliz]] that that is not the right way. He then fetches [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] as well and takes them to the central tent.
- Inside the tent, they find a table with 3 chairs. One chair per person. [[Lorenzo]] is sitting across them with the [[Eternia]] in front of him, on the table. In the corner [[Feela]] sits and is ready to take action if something goes wrong. Behind [[Lorenzo]] are the guards [[Nol Vedrorsk]] and [[Akhim Hahle]].
- The party is welcomed and a conversation starts. [[Lorenzo]] is angry and short tempered, warning the [[Party]] that they have overstepped their welcome and privileges. He reminds them that they are in a war camp and that they are very close to being marked as assassins or infiltrators. This information will be later shared with the other camps and non-authorized people will not be able to enter at all, no matter the cost.
	- The [[Party]] asks him how to get to [[Places/Aetheria/Valgrum Continent/Orkham/Orkham]] to which he answers that the road is straight and will lead them there.
	- They ask him about other camps where they may go and do the same thing and this makes him even angrier.
	- They ask him about the [[Eternia|book]] and he calls them faithless half-humans.
	- [[Finn]] offers him a sip of the potion #residual. [[Lorenzo]] warns him that this may be considered a murder attempt.
	- Lastly [[Finn]] and later [[Khirhan]] show him the pendant and axe correspondingly and ask him about the symbol of [[Aeris]]. He tries to keep his temper but is significantly mad about their hereticism.
	- [[Vince]] tries to cast an illusion on him, but he manages to make his saving throw and the magic does not affect him.
- The party leaves camp immediately and sets foot.
- They are followed by [[Lorenzo]]'s familiar, the quasit [[Xap]].
- They find a nice place in the shallow forest and start camping for the night.
	- [[Khirhan]] watches first and they are visited by [[Bregnath Hallowfollower]] the [[Werewolf]]. After giving him a ration and scaring him, he thanked them and left for the forest.
	- On [[Finn]]'s watch, they are attacked by 2 [[Goblin]]s. [[Khirhan]] pops them like a bubble. He finds a pouch with the symbol of [[Venus]].
	- [[Vince]]'s watch goes without issues and as the sky darkens with clouds, he notices [[The Red Comet]] among the 4 moons.