#### Day 017
#day17
- [[Finn]] has a talk with [[Ephezok]] who opens the roof and sees the red sky. He begins investigating the phenomenon and suggests that the whole village gathers in one place.
- The [[Party]] wants to visit the rock ([[Shards of the Exhiled]]) that fell from the sky.

#### Day 018
#day18
- [[Finn]] receives the #teleportationCircle image and a short message about it saying:
  "Remember this symbol
  In time it will become useful
  You are always welcome here."
- The [[Party]] is summoned by [[Om Saurbough]] at the smith's and receives their rewards:
  - [[Reyes Necklace of Insight]] for [[Vince]]
  - Horn of the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]] for [[Finn]] and
  - [[Reyes Battleaxe]] for [[Khirhan]].
- [[Finn]] talks telepathically with [[Om Saurbough]] and discovers that he and two of his younglings will begin their journey to the shard at sunset.
- [[Vince]] draws the [[Party vs the Comet]] picture in his notebook.
- [[Finn]] contacts [[Calra Farchaser]] and asks if they can meet them on the W side of the [[Euwetax Continent]] in a few days. She replies that they have lost some men and that they are low on resources, but they will do their best to meet them.
- The [[Party]] and [[Om Saurbough]] with his 2 younglings make their way toward the rock.
- They find a good place to camp and settle for the night. [[Finn]] keeps watch first and uses the darkvision goggles. He doesn't spot anything out of the ordinairy but talks to [[Psionus|The Dreamer]], this time in a more polite manner. No specific questions come in play.
- [[Vince]] dreams about killing ants.
- The younglings and [[Om Saurbough]] keep watch next.

#### Day 019
#day19 
- [[Party]] is woken up by the sounds of sharpening weapons, which [[Om Saurbough]] is doing.
- [[Finn]] drinks a 5 days worth of #residual.
- They continue their journey towards the meteor crash site.
- On the road, they avoid dangerous situations and eventually start noticing burnt down trees. 
- They follow the trail and arrive at the crash site.
- [[Finn]] notices the rock in the crater and approaches it while the others are discussing.
- He tries touching it and retreats his hand just in time, avoiding a possible affliction with #dragonblight. He touches the horn of the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]] monkey he got as a reward and a strong pulse pushes him away, he makes the DEX save but still takes a hefty 11 damage (half of 23).
- [[Khirhan]] detects the magic imbued with this rock and notices an intense mix of all schools of magic. After a while the intensity fades until reignited by [[Vince]] later on.
- [[Vince]] also tries playing with the rock. He throws 5 ants at the rock, of which 3 are affected with dragonblight. He then kills them with #viciousMockery.
- He tries touching the book of [[Necron|The Reaper]] to the stone. He also gets flung away and takes a whopping 19 bludgeoning damage, failing his DEX save. He later tries throwing the book and the book is also launched into the nearby forest.
- They search for the book in the forest and [[Finn]] spots it in the branches of a tree. [[Om Saurbough]] and one of the younglings fetch it and bring it back to [[Vince]].
- [[Vince]] asks if and when [[Calra Farchaser]] will arrive.
- They say their goodbyes and the [[Party]] arrives at the beach. [[Calra Farchaser]] yells at them that they will have to swim in order to get on the ship. 
- They eventually swim and arrive on the [[Sour Pot]].
- [[Finn]] sees [[Uiw Yua]] and [[Grath Lionclaw]] and is relieved.
- [[Calra Farchaser]] and the [[Party]] have a chat in her room.
- Later that night, [[Khirhan]] and [[Grath Lionclaw]] catch up.
- [[Finn]] is at the helm of the ship and looking around. He hears footsteps from behind. The inquiry of [[Magala]] begins with the words: "So, you are the one that stinks of the sleepy head."