#### Day 025
- [[Finn]] picks up his hidden blade which was customized for the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]] horn.
- They go around town and try to listen in on people and enter a random tavern to check if they can get a wiff of some happenings.
- They book passage on [[The Enterprise]], paying 30gp each.
- They are introduced to their rooms by  [[Ruvyn Iandove]].
- Their rooms are 30 - [[Vince]], 31 - [[Finn]], 32 - [[Khirhan]].
- With some magic from [[Ruvyn Iandove]], a sigil appears above each door's handle and on the upside of the [[Party]]'s palms.
- [[Finn]] tries to deceive [[Ruvyn Iandove]] and [[Khirhan]] that the door is hurting him, but does not manage to do so.
- They eventually come back to [[The Peg Leg]] and [[Seded]] calls them, introducing the [[Auction Heist]] job.
- [[Khirhan]] tails a masked individual to the same district the heist would take place.
- They all eventually go to the same district and start wandering the narrow streets. 
- At one point they mention the person who they let live and made them a promise that he would live an honest life in [[Valgrum]]. [[Finn]]'s medalion pulses.
- They are intercepted by a masked individual and [[Finn]] manages to deceive him that they are lost. He escorts them to the plaza.
	- [[Khirhan]] notices the door that they would need to get into.
	- [[Vince]] notices a person on the rooftops.
- They pack up and pay the bill at [[The Peg Leg]], which was around 15gp.
- They mostly idle for the next day, plotting the heist.
- Later the evening, [[Finn]] talks to [[Psionus]] and asks him why the medallion pulsed. He explains to [[Finn]] that he found it funny that they mentioned that because he was the one who told him to go to the camp instead of [[Valgrum]]. Saying that each and every person counts and shouldn't be lost or given up on.

#### Day 026
- They change clothes and prepare for the heist.
- [[Vince]]'s arm is seen for the first time by the other party members.
- [[Finn]] tells [[Vince]] to touch him, or grab him by the neck and once he does that, they both take 3 bludgeoning damage, caused by the [[Champion Repulsion]].
- They hide into an alley and they put on their masks. As soon as they want to activate the dust of #passWithoutTrace, [[Magala]] appears and briefly talks to them, mentioning the second [[Pandemonium]] war and a possible alliance if they become champions of their according #eidolon s. Mentioning that [[Psionus]] was the one who suggested the alliance.
- He exhales a toxic breath on [[Vince]] that does not do any damage, but will make him sick in the following days.
- They stealth successfully near the plaza with the fountain in [[Fadon]], that is the entrypoint of the narrow alleyways that lead to the door.
- [[Vince]] casts invisibility on [[Finn]] and [[Khirhan]] and they stealth in the streets.
- A patrolling, high level masked individual is around the door.
- [[Vince]] comes out of hiding and starts playing the flute.
- Seeing another masked person with this strange behavior, the guard is alerted and tells him to stop that and be quiet.
- [[Vince]] does not stop so the guard becomes violent and tries to take away his flute.
- [[Vince]] keeps his flute, but is forced to stop playing.
- The guard asks him what he's doing here and where he got the mask from.
- [[Vince]] says he is a lost artist and the guard has had too many red flags at this point and whistles for the surrounding guards to come.
- 4 guards + the one that whistled surround [[Vince]] near the door.
- [[Finn]] and [[Khirhan]], invisible, sneak to the door and [[Finn]] tries to open it. The door unfortunately creeks, as it's quite old.
- [[Vince]] starts "karen"-ing the guards and they don't pay much attention to the door creeking.
- However, this forces the main guard to tell the others to take [[Vince]] away and they grapple him successfully, shutting his mouth and restraining his hands.
- Initiative order is determined and a bunch of things happen. 
	- [[Finn]] casts #calmEmotions and the 3 guards that are not holding [[Vince]] want to seek a more peaceful way to resolve the situation.
	- The calmed guards persuade the other guards to escort [[Vince]] out to the plaza and switch their attention to [[Finn]].
	- Having been unrestrained, [[Vince]] casts hypnotic pattern on all of the guards, including [[Finn]]. 3 out of 5 are affected. The main one and one of the two that restrained him are not affected. [[Finn]] is also not affected.
	- [[Finn]] knocks a guard unconscious with #dissonantWhispers and [[Vince]] commands a guard to run, having assumed his #mantleOfMajesty.
	- [[Khirhan]] breaks the door down and they are able to enter the small room.
	- They rummage through the few pieces of furniture and manage to find the hidden trapdoor.
	- They enter the hallway and rush the two guards that are approach at the T junction.
	- [[Khirhan]] rages and attacks the guards, wanting to deal non-lethal damage, but the dragon element does not allow this and [[The Red Comet|The Exiled]] deals the finishing blow.
	- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] go left and [[Finn]] goes right on the T-junction.
	- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] see the Shield Guardian in the empty room, whereas [[Finn]] ends up in the storage room and starts thrashing it, signaling the others to join him.
	- [[Finn]] finds a hidden hole in the wall with a bag of coins in it.
	- [[Khirhan]] scans the room and immediately finds all items they are looking for, or have any interest for them (see [[Auction Heist]]).
	- [[Vince]] checks the entrance and the 3 guards are rushing towards them. He casts another hypnotic pattern and only one of the guards is not affected. Despite better judgement, he rushes them whatsoever.
	- [[Khirhan]] poors the contents of the cauldron of plenty on him, burning him and causing 1 fire damage. The guard fails his dex save, so he is left screaming in pain.
	- When they all arrive at the stairs leading to the entry room, they see masked faces and the door is shut above them.
	- [[Finn]] blasts the door open, killing 3 of the masked individuals and causing a lot of property damage and noise.
	- They run away, throw away their masks and keep only their shirts and stealth towards [[The Enterprise]].  They enter the ship and [[Ruvyn Iandove]], half asleep notes that they had a rough night out.
	- The total amounts of pp they find is around 215.
- [[The Enterprise]] starts its journey towards [[Anburora Maton]].