#discord 

#### Day 5
#day5 
- The [[Party]] is lost and ends up at the northern peninsula of the [[Zhaso Desert]]
- At the end of the peninsula, they rest together with the kayans [[Khirhan Junior]], [[Purple-Red Kayan]], [[Raven-like Kayan]] and the [[Patchy Kayan]].
- The [[Sand Worm]]s do not bother them as they are quite close to the water.
- [[Vince]] and [[Khirhan]] try the sea water and find out that it is veeery salty.
- [[Khirhan]] notices the pyramid in the distance and lets [[Finn]] know once his watch ends. He finds out the genders of the [[Kayan]]s in their posession.
- [[Finn]] plays around with the [[Psionus Medallion]] and unintentionally triggers the first move move to unlock its multidimensional aspect. He also notices the pyramid in the distance.
- They do not see [[The Lost]] standing near them, or notice the [[Euwetax Continent]] across the sea.
- [[Vince]] goes into the water, knee high and #viciousMockery s a fish to death. Then he stabs it with his rapier and starts preparing it.
- The [[Party]] wakes up and prepares for the following day.

#### Day 6
#day6
- The [[Party]] heads towards the pyramid. The weather is very windy and there is a slight sandstorm.
- They almost get lost, but [[Khirhan]] manages to lead them in the right direction.
- On the way, [[Finn]] notices some crackling thunder in the distance and after a perception check, sees faint huge shapes moving in the distance, one resembling a [[Sand Worm]]. This is actually a [[Blue Dragon]], killing its prey, indeed, a [[Sand Worm]].
- They eventually come to the pyramid and enter the [[Pyramid Dungeon]].
- [[Vince]] casts #invisibility on [[Finn]] and [[Finn]] enters the dungeon. He checks out the antechamber and sees that there are stairs leading to the labyrinth below.
- He decends the ladder and enters the labyrinth. [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] enter the antechamber and hear the #firebolt s that [[Finn]] cast to light the environment.  He starts listening to the footsteps of [[The Minotaur]].
- They manage to meet in the labyrinth and eventually encounter [[The Minotaur]]. He is friendly to them and they talk a bit. [[Finn]] suggests that they kill him. [[The Minotaur]] refuses, of course.  They insist on making their way to the lower levels, despite the warnings that [[The Minotaur]] gave them. He leads them to the exit and helps them decend it with some rope from previous adventurers.
- After decending the rope, they start wandering the underground garden. They eventually end up at a bunch of trees with some spider webs. [[Finn]] starts casting #firebolt s and [[Khirhan]] starts hacking at them while [[Vince]] hits the drums.
- [[Khirhan]] casts #detectMagic and notices the illusion and evocation magic on the ceiling. These are, of course, the light evocation and the illusion that hides the exit.
- They notice the [[Giant Spider]]s which are approaching them too late and get surprised.
- [[Finn]] gets one-shot and is paralyzed and poisoned for one hour. [[Khirhan]] kills all 3 spiders with [[Vince]]'s help. [[Vince]] also heals [[Finn]] with a #healingWord spell. 
- [[Khirhan]] lifts and carries [[Finn]] to a reasonable distance and they start their rest under the light of day of the underground garden.
- Once awoken and carried, [[Finn]] communicates with [[Khirhan]] telepathically and tells him to make him drink the pink liquid. This extends his "deadline" to the 15th day.