#discord

#### Day 011
#day11
- The [[Party]] goes to sleep.

#### Day 012
#day12
- The weather is clear and sailing smooth.
- [[Vince]] carves a [[Monkey Carving]] with mushrooms on its head on the ship behind some boxes.
- [[Finn]] has a talk with [[Calra Farchaser]] about the fight the day before over a bottle of rum. She mentions the pirates to him and what he wants to do with them. [[Finn]] says that he would join them, given that his past is full of bad things (e.g. murder). She says that his past should not dictate his actions now or in the future.
- [[Khirhan]] learns how to tie knots with [[Grath Lionclaw]] and also helps out on the deck.

#### Day 013
#day13
- A huge storm wakes the [[Party]]. 
- [[Khirhan]] helps the crew to keep the ship afloat.
- [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] talk about birthdays (winter is for cold hearts, spring for retards and summer or autumn for murder hungry people like [[Khirhan]]). [[Khirhan]] enters the cabin and they continue the conversation. [[Khirhan]] tells them about a fight he had as a kid, he won, but they ganged up on him and then he killed them. This fight is actually when he got the most angry.
- [[Finn]] talks to [[Esma]] and she tells him that the island of [[Isan Continent]] is hard to get to and that it has steep hills. They don't have to come as she is fine, but can if they want to. 
- [[Finn]] takes 1.5l of blood from [[Khirhan]].
- [[Vince]] casts [[0 Draconic Silence]] on [[Khirhan]].
- A #savePointFight begins between [[Finn]] and [[Vince]]. [[Vince]] casts #enemiesAbound to [[Khirhan]] and he one-turns [[Finn]], rolling a 2 (30ft teleport) on his Wild Surge. He then goes for [[Vince]] but when the axe nearly hits [[Vince]], [[Necron]] intervenes and #powerWordKill s [[Khirhan]].

#### Day 014
#day14
- [[Khirhan]] pranks [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] with paste on their palm and a feather to their face so that they slap themselves.
- [[Finn]] retaliates in the morning by cutting one of [[Khirhan]]'s boots open.
- The party wakes up to some distance shouts. These are the pirates shouting to the crew and the captain - [[Calra Farchaser]].
- The [[Party]] notices the wrecked ships of the island of [[Euwetax Continent]] and the land behind it.
- The captain tells them that they have arrived, but they will have to continue by boat.
- They talk about how long they can wait for them to explore the island. The [[Party]] has a short discussion and they decide to ask them to wait 5 days. [[Finn]] leaves 30gp with the captain as assurance. 
- [[Finn]] also leaves 12gp with [[Uiw Yua]] and tells her to drink in his name if something happens to them on the island.
- They board the boat and are lowered in the sea.
- [[Khirhan]] reluctantly rows and with the help of [[Finn]] and [[Vince]] they navigate past the ships and debree without wrecking the boat. [[Finn]] notices that the boats didn't break due to rocks at the sea floor.
- On the shore, [[Finn]] sees a strange plate on the ground. It somehow reminds him of the plates the chitinous armors of lobsters have. Once he approaches, he sees a huge 1.5m claw near it. They hear the [[Chuul]] sounds close by.
- [[Khirhan]] tries to break the plate in two and misses it with the first hit. He then hits it successfully and damages it, but not enough to break it in two. He then tries to snap it by hand. At first he didn't manage to, but after a second try, he manages to fold it in half.
- By that time, the two [[Chuul]]s they heard approach and [[Vince]] sees one appear from behind a bigger rock nearby. It snaps its head and rushes towards them.