Near the end of the first adventure, after [[Finn's Ascension]], a kid that was taken by their parents to see the view from the [[Tr'nakh Island]] noticed blue and purple lines on the inside of the maelstrom. This quickly turned the attention of all elves in the vicinity and later on in all of [[El]].

The scholars that lived in the tall peaks of this island now had a new purpose and desire - learn what these anomalies are. No later than a few days, they uncovered more clues. Space was shifting in the whirlpool at certain places. Rifts were being opened and closed all around, sometimes unleashing fish-like creatures in the waters. One time, they even saw a huge amount of purple liquid being poured from one of these rifts. This made sense of the colors that were previously seen.

However, not long after, rumors spread that [[Aquios|The Leviathan]] was seen. An #eidolon was not seen in centuries and the appearance of one only added to the mystery of these bizarre events in the water.

The truth, still not uncovered by the scholars is much more sinister. Deep below the [[Cheudalox Island]], inside [[The Deceased City - Yoz'egna]], an [[Elder Brain]] is plotting the reunion of their family with the new champion of [[Psionus|The Dreamer]]. Minions and worms are sent in the maelstrom to weaken it, to weaken [[Aquios]], so that the path may be tread towards the home of the eldritch - [[Valgrum]]. The island itself is ready to sail, much like a submarine, through the waters, but a trip around the glove is much too risky and will easily be detected and shut down by any of the territorial #eidolon s in the way - [[Ignis]] and [[Necron]] being the scariest.

Once this path is opened, their hope is a reunion in [[Pandora]], the city beyond space, a path to which they hope can be opened by [[Finn]]. [[Psionus|The Dreamer]] is aware of this and have informed their champion. Who among other things, now needs to work on finding a suitable host for them once again, this time, without any clues on the table...