### From Finn's Perspective
One day after a big bender him and his 2 friends [[Alvaro]] and [[Jermaine]] were going home from their fav Tavern, [[The Pretty Bog (Убавото Мочуриште)]], outside the city. I got the urge to piss in a specific bush in a dark part of the nearby forest. I tell em ill catch up and run into the darkness. As i do my deed i see a flashing light in the distance. Intrigued i start moving towards it. After 30-40ft i trip on a tree root and blast my head in the ground. I open my eyes and see a [[Psionus|snail]] sitting there LOOKING at me. I pick it up. It starts talking to me about a temple and a prize for cleaning it? This snail must be crazy but for some reason i believe him. He leads me to a ruin 100-150 ft into the forest. I see it and immediately feel like i belong here. I start working at that moment. I work like that for a month rebuilding it and cleaning it. After its done i was sitting in the main chapel of the now rebuilt temple. A [[Psionus|strange woman]] appears behind me and sais **its time for your reward young one**. Gives me a vial with a grey potion and tells me to drink it. Little sus but i do it anyway. I want my reward. I go unconscious after drinking it. The following morning i wake up feeling weird my complexion is darker my mind hurts. THIS BITCH MUST HAVE POISONED ME. She shows up again and explains what the reward is. I try to fight her and seemingly run away from the temple. After a month i finally get home in the city. Weeks pass and i feel weaker and weaker. I Visit [[Georgie]] he examines me and sends me to an alchemist/medic friend of his [[Alain von Magnus]]. He experiments on me for weeks but to no avail. One day while laying in bed i get so thirsty MAD THIRSTY run around and find a bowl of pale pink/red liquid. I drink it and it makes me feel better in the same moment. [[Alain von Magnus|Alain]] says thats the #residual liquid from HP potions. In the mean time he finds out that if i want to be cured from the poison the one who put it on me is the only one who can help me get rid of it.Or i should just kill that bitch. Packed with 1 month of #residual potions i go back to the temple with hopes of finding that bitch. I ofc dont find her but i feel my powers more intensely while i am at the temple. Months pass by i study my powers and learn how to control em. Residual is low but i gotta move and find the bitch...

### From [[Psionus]]'s Perspective
Syphoning power from [[Valgrum]] as the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]]'s presence is strongest there, [[Psionus]] found a new opportunity and a decided to create a failsafe plan in case the [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]] falls.

He saw [[Finn]] in the forest and caused major hallucinations, appearing to him as a snail, leading him deeper and promising him a reward if he rebuilds his own temple, destroyed in the event of [[The Defeat of Psionus's Avatar]].

After [[Finn]] rebuilds it, he appears as a woman before him and offers him a potion. The potion contains a living #symbiont, who now resides in [[Finn]]'s stomach. He slowly tries to take over, but [[Finn]] keeps it dormant by drinking #residual. The symbiont gives [[Finn]] powers, but threatens ultimately to take over him and make [[Finn]], the new [[Psionus's Avatar|Avatar of Eternis]].