#day73 
After the fight with [[Finn]] in [[Valgrum]], a few days ago, [[Khirhan]] finally arrives on [[Arax Continent]]. They clash and this pushes [[Khirhan]] beyond his current limits as a newly ascended champion and he unlocks his [[Champion's Dragon Form]], unleashing destruction unseen for nearly a millennium. As he starts overpowering [[Alatriyon]] and thinks he is going to win, [[Alatriyon]] unleashes his dragon form and by using the three elements he has already mastered, ice [[Glacies]], fire [[Ignis]] and recently dragon [[The Red Comet|Fatalis]], he utterly annihilates [[Khirhan]] with an #escatonJudgement release. This event is seen and heard across [[Places/Aetheria/Aetheria|Aetheria]] as the sky, even at places where it is night, turns pure white and even blinding. [[Alatriyon]]'s cry echoes across the globe as the ground burns with both fire and ice before he explodes, taking [[Khirhan]] down immediately.

Results
- A solid amount of [[Aramore]] and the [[Arax Continent]] is destroyed and a huge crater is created. This will later be called [[The Arax Crater]] and will become a research center due to the things it will reveal beneath the surface of the earth.
- [[Khirhan]], barely alive, will remember a new target, to accompany his growing list of creatures he will beat in the future. Now it has two members, [[Magala]] and after him... [[Alatriyon]].
- [[Alatriyon]] understands that in order to kill a champion, he cannot use excessive energy in the battle, so that it doesn't fall in the category of champions fighting each other. Having learned of the [[Arcanists]], he will approach them and join / lead their cause for ridding the world of the #eidolon 's, who play twisted games with mortals only to feed off of their #ether . He will do the fighting... And they, the final blow... [[Magala]] is the first target...

