#### Day 60
#day60 
- [[Party 3]] meets with the [[The Firekeepers]] and a disguised [[Qia Huay]] in [[The Wooden Duck]] tavern in [[Aramore]].
- They talk about the current state of affairs. 
- [[Colm]] notices they are being watched and tries to perform that they are shooing [[Qia Huay]] away.
- She is a bit shocked, but buckles up and leaves.
- The [[Arcanists]] are well aware of their presence, but are a bit slow to react, as they have their reserves.
- They move to an inn, reserve a bigger room and start plotting.
- Notable events from the plotting
	- [[Night of Dreams]] warns them not to underestimate the [[Arcanists]].
	- [[Sim Denarsk]] says he will go with the stealth guys.
	- [[Aeon]] insists he doesn't and tries to slap him in the balls but misses.
	- [[Sim Denarsk]] is outraged and ready to fight [[Aeon]] but is calmed down by [[Myuren Jyesnorae]] and [[Colm]].
	- He leaves.
	- [[Norren]] chases him and casts #suggestion. He fails the save. The suggestion is that he is better off talking than stealthing.
	- [[Myuren Jyesnorae]] and [[Norren]] spend a few hours adding the #invisibility spell in [[Myuren Jyesnorae]]'s spellbook, for tomorrow's mission.
	- [[Conor]] grabs a few pieces of paper and hands them over to [[Colm]]. On one piece, there is a scribble saying "Aeon is up to something."
	- [[Norren]] tries to speak to the manager but the night time employee doesn't know him.
	- [[Aeon]] attempts to assist him but to no avail.
	- They leave after reminding the guy about his wife and leaving a few gold pieces for him to drink.

#### Day 61
#day61
- Everyone meets in the tavern and leave towards the [[Arcanists]] HQ.
- They see the bartender is being woken up and tended to by the one from the second shift. Him being piss drunk and barely conscious.
- [[Colm]], [[Conor]] and [[Sim Denarsk]] go towards the entrance. [[Norren]], [[Night of Dreams]], [[Aeon]] and [[Myuren Jyesnorae]] go another route - they will stealth in.
- [[Conor]]'s group encounters a young [[Arcanists]] and cannot persuade them.
- [[Colm]] casts #fastFriends and they eventually get in. Password is "The bat hangs downwards."
- [[Colm]] sends the password to [[Norren]].
- The arcanist talks to the receptionist and asks that they speak with a higher up - they have important news. TWICE.
- They eventually move by themselves.
- The clerk triggers the alarm. In the following hours, all [[Arcanists]] will pursue them in the castle.
- [[Norren]]'s group, made invisible by [[Myuren Jyesnorae]], sneak past everyone on the bridge. [[Norren]] is disguised to a random arcanist and speaks the password, which grants them entry.
- They see the first party leaving through one hallway and [[Norren]] notices that the clerk is looking towards them, but the clerk is wise enough not to show any signs of panic.