#### Day 017
#day17

- Having arrived at the clearing and close to the [[Reyes-touched Monkey (Rajang)]], the [[Party]] prepares their attack.
- Monkey fight...
	- [[Vince]] tries to curse it, but the monkey saves. [[Khirhan]] attacks it and does solid damage. [[Finn]] casts #armsOfHadar behind the monkey. The monkey is bleeding and blind.
	- [[Khirhan]] deals more damage to it, the monkey gets out of the fog, [[Vince]] rushes back to it and casts [[0 Draconic Silence]] on the monkey, which saves, but still gets disadvantage on its next attacks. The monkey kicks [[Khirhan]] but misses.
	- The monkey uses meteor and hits all of the [[Party]] members, who all luckily save.
	- [[Finn]] moves away after shooting a #chromaticOrb at the monkey. [[Khirhan]] takes a few more swings at it, but the monkey uses the legendary action quake to make [[Vince]] prone and stunned. [[Khirhan]] saves.
	- The monkey moves into position and uses its Lightning Breath, the whole party in a line. Only [[Khirhan]] takes full damage, while the others save and take half (of 36).
	- [[Khirhan]] circles around the monkey and with a very strong hit, rips its head from its shoulders and it flies in the arms of hadar.
- On the way back, [[Vince]] and [[Finn]] carry the head of the monkey, while [[Khirhan]] carries its torso, enchanted by [[Vince]] with the #enhanceAbility spell.
- [[Finn]] comments on [[Vince]]'s curse casting, saying it was some dark and unexpected stuff. He also talks to him about his motives, why he wants to destroy the  [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]] and what was he after before meeting them and traveling with them. [[Khirhan]] asks the others if they have eaten monkey meat before.
- They arrive at [[Aburr]] and everyone is amazed at their achievement.
- [[Om Saurbough]] commends them and gestures to everyone that there will be a feast and celebration that night.
- A small girl informs the [[Party]] that [[Ephezok]] requested to see them. They shortly arrive at his place.
- The talk with [[Ephezok]]...
	- He first commends all of them and thanks them for their amazing feat.
	- He has a talk with [[Khirhan]] in private and tells him that the symbol is not directly connected to his tribe. Instead, the hole he fell into likely had some wild [[Aeris|The Mother]] energy which he absorbed. That would explain why he felt natural when he took the axe. However, the relation is a bit weaker now.
	- He then requests for all party members and he explains the nature of the picture. He says that it is strange that the symbol is not on the picture. [[Khirhan]] has a flash of genius moment and says, maybe they are worshipping an existing #eidolon  but with a different name.
	- [[Ephezok]] asks if they have means of communicating with him and is on board with taking down the church before the event of [[Pandemonium]].
	- [[Finn]] tries to persuade [[Ephezok]] to come to the party, but is not successful.
	- [[Finn]] describes what he sees on the picture and everyone comes to the theory that [[Psionus]] and [[Eternis]] are fighting for the same spot on the picture. This is however, the wrong conclusion, as they are the same #eidolon, only siphoning power from [[Sanctus|The Holy]] and disabling [[Aeris|The Mother]] at the same time. 
	- He gives them the [[Carving Dagger]] and tells them to bring some materials for [[Gum Shakei]] to make something for them if they encounter such [[Eidolon-touched animals]] on their journey.
	- [[Finn]] notices the helmet in the corner of the room and tries it on. [[Ephezok]] explains that it is the helmet that helped him escape his people and that it severs any and all connections to the mind. He gathers a bit of #mindflayerSlime from the helmet and it turns out it's a good hair ointment. [[Ephezok]] spits a bit more into some vials and hands them over to [[Finn]].
	- The [[Church of the Eternal (Eternis)]]'s [[Sebastiano]] sees this moment and marks the second strike against the church.
	- Before exiting [[Ephezok]]'s house, [[Vince]] cuts [[Khirhan]]'s hair and pimps him up. They use the new "gel" to style his hair.
- The banquet...
	- [[Vince]] discards all of his ointments, having seen what they might be made of.
	- [[Khirhan]] is picked up by [[Roa Bosk]].
	- [[Finn]] tries to talk to [[Mesef Votsk]], who is sharpening his dual swords, but he isn't that interested. He says that he lives to fight but refuses to fight any human in the village. 
	- [[Finn]] also tries to talk to [[Crozodrea Holihe]], but she is piss drunk and hard to get to being surrounded by a lot of people.
	- [[Party]] makes a performance and tells the story of how they fought and killed the monkey. The moment he gets to the part where they kill it, [[Crozodrea Holihe]] with her final moment of sanity before passing out, shoots out a #dragonpiercer in the sky, which explodes into a nice firework.
	- [[Khirhan]] is playing with some kids, pretending to be the monkey while they hit him with sticks.
	- [[Finn]] also plays with some kids pretending to fight with them.
	- [[Vince]] goes to the smith's house and behind it draws the [[Ephezok, the Party, and Rajang Carving]].
- Later in the night, the first step of [[The Red Comet]] happens. The [[Party]] is woken up by screams of awe from the villagers. [[Vince]] instinctively #viciousMockery s a #flumph. The red color of the #flumph s subsides, but they realize the sky is now also bright red. A meteor shower of red glowing shards is falling down, followed by black smoke mixed up with red sparks.
- [[Vince]] spends the night killing ants, trying to get closer to [[Necron|The Reaper]].